it is now also the critical moment of the efforts to apply for the 2008 olympic games . we must unify our thinking and make greater and better - concerted efforts . the new leading body of the state sports general bureau will lead the entire cadres and workers on the sports front to closely rally around the party central leadership with jiang zemin at the core and to make new and greater contributions to the development of sports and the enhancement of the people 's physical quality .
in the olympics and other inter - continental games , it 's no longer news that the usa baseball , ice hockey and basketball dream team n lose to other countries , but they still proclaim themselves world this and world that . the attitude is so immodest that it is enough as the world champion .
speaking at a ceremony in kowloon park today ( february 15 ) to launch the 1 st hong kong games , the secretary for home affairs , dr patrick ho , said it was hoped that the first territory - wide multi - sport games would be a platform for participation , exchange and co - operation in sports at the community level .
this balancing factor enabled the r . o . c . 's ts ' ai wen - i to win a bronze medal for weightlifting in the third weight class at the los angeles olympics and its table tennis players to capture a runner - up trophy in the mixed doubles at this year 's asian cup . these achievements have caused chinese sports fans to view their chances for winning a medal at the seoul olympic games with high expectations .
the dream to host the olympic games has been going on for 10 years . over the past 10 years , china has been making its olympic bid by fully developing itself and playing the role of a country that assumes responsibility and brings hopes to others in the big international family .
as i said just now , generally the time required is three months but we have to understand that the olympic games was held at the end of july whereas the paralympics was held after the olympics had ended . therefore , when miss lee lai - san courageously won the first gold medal which prompted joyous celebrations all over the territory , we decided to issue a souvenir sheet for this event . it was the beginning of august then and the information with me shows that the post office made such decision on 3 august , a time when the paralympics was not yet held .
the hong kong special administrative region ( hksar ) delegation to the 9 th national games of the people 's republic of china today ( november 30 ) hosted a welcome - home reception at the hong kong cultural centre to celebrate the outstanding results attained by the hong kong athletes in the games .
there have been some outstanding results during the past year , the highlights of which were the outstanding successes at the commonwealth table tennis championships and the bronze - medal by the ladies table tennis team in the world championships . in addition , amy chan and chan chi - choi continue to be great representatives for hong kong , winning the bronze - medal in the exhibition event at the seoul olympics .
the forthcoming nagano games , which will be the last olympic winter games of the century , should become a symbolic link to the next millennium , an important relay point in humanity 's quest for a world free of hatred and war , a world where ideals of peace , goodwill and mutual respect form the basis of relations among countries .
at tonight 's variety show , tribute was paid to members of the hong kong team participating in the paralympic games in sydney for their outstanding achievement in the games . some 10 organisations put up performances to demonstrate their talents in singing , gymnastics , martial arts and mime .
since i only had the olympic gold medal at that time , % pw , % pw , i only won the third place in the world championships and the second place in the world indoor meet , i had not won the first place . i had not won the world cup , either , either .
fourth , the mutual visits and reunion of separated families of both sides and the fluttering of " flags of both sides on the korean peninsula " during the opening ceremony of the olympic games increased understanding between the north and the south , and expressed their wishes of realizing peaceful reunification through self-reliance .
fourth , the mutual visits and reunion of separated families of both sides and the fluttering of " flags of both sides on the korean peninsula " during the opening ceremony of the olympic games increased understanding between the north and the south , and expressed their wishes of realizing peaceful reunification through self-reliance .
the postmaster general , mr luk ping - chuen , announced today ( august 31 ) that as advised by the australia post , there will be restricted postal access to a number of locations in their country during the period from september 1 to october 6 , 2000 , because of the extensive logistical and security arrangements associated with the olympic games .
now that we have won the bid and finally the chinese people may host the games . those who have not met with difficulties and obstacles and those who have not experienced the hardship of striving to win the right to host the games will never understand such a feeling .
province - wide secondary school students sports meet jointly organized by the provincial educational administration and the provincial sports administration , and key players who won one of the top three prizes in single event and first prize in team event at the province - wide secondary students single - event sports meet ;
in pusan , the city to host the 14th asian games , a total of 35 facilities must be put in place by 2002 so that events in 32 sports can be held then . however , the south korean city has so far only 23 facilities that are up to international standards .
it is an ancient tradition of my country , according to which all conflicts ceased during the period of the truce , beginning seven days prior to the opening of the olympic games and ending on the seventh day following the closing of the games , with the aim of providing athletes , artists , their relatives , pilgrims and the public safe passage to and from olympia .
the dream to host the olympic games has been going on for 10 years . over the past 10 years , china has been making its olympic bid by fully developing itself and playing the role of a country that assumes responsibility and brings hopes to others in the big international family .
looking at the hotly debated issues after foreign media armies recently descended on beijing from the sky , a majority are doubts and challenges : from ethnic minority dissident and treatment of migrant workers to air pollution to psb blocks on reporter interviews to restrictions on logging onto the media center web site , even down to the inexplicable leaking of the so - called " national secret " olympic games opening ceremony content , some reports have flatly accused beijing of not keeping many of the promises made when it applied to host the olympic games .
even at ordinary times beijing 's high apartment rental prices leave most students speechless in shock , let alone mentioning that a large number of landlords deliberately hiked prices in summer vacation this year , in preparation for making big money off rich patrons coming in to see the olympic games .
liu qi , who is a member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , secretary of the cpc beijing municipal committee , and president of the bocog , went to athens ' city hall on the 30th to meet with athens mayor kaklamanis . liu qi expressed his sincere gratitude towards the athens government and people for giving enthusiastic attention and strong support for these olympic flame lighting and handover ceremonies as well as the beijing olympic committee 's preparation work .
in another development , despite beijing 's success in bidding for hosting the 2008 olympic games , stock markets on the mainland yesterday did not show any celebratory mood -- with the exception of a slight rise in b-type shares in shanghai , all indexes fell yesterday in shanghai and shenzhen stock markets .
in this respect , my countrys olympic committee prides itself on being involved in the mobilization of all international sports organizations and national olympic committees to undertake concrete actions at the local , national and global levels to promote and strengthen a culture of peace based on the spirit of the olympic truce .
the key cultural events of the 2008 beijing olympic games will last from march until september this year , including both national and international components . the national component has , from march 20th already started producing outstanding performances of a list of plays , including the " spring of chinese symphony " and the chinese spiritual cultural heritage exhibition part of seven major events with more than a hundred shows in total .
the spokesman added : " with a view to enhancing our young people 's understanding in games in china and to encourage them to actively participate in sports activities , arrangements have been made for some 1,000 students to attend various events of the games in jiangmen , zhongshan and guangzhou between november 9 and 23 .
the chief secretary for administration , mr donald tsang , today ( october 28 ) presented the hong kong special administrative region flag to the hong kong delegation to the 9th national games of the people 's republic of china at the wan chai sports ground and wished our athletes every success in the forthcoming games .
although the disabled have different forms of disabilities , they have time and again shown splendid performances in open competitions with their perseverance to strive ahead and strong willpower . for example , the hong kong team of disabled athletes won 18 gold medals on the second day of the far east and south pacific region games for the disabled .
however , we are clearly aware that each and every medal we won and each and every point we scored at this olympic games contained painstaking labor and sweat of numberless athletes and coaches , contained contributions and efforts made with perseverance and consistency by several generations , and embodied the experiences and wisdom accumulated by the chinese nation over centuries .
as australia 's former ambassador for the environment , i actually had the privilege of presenting what were called our bid books to the president of the international olympic committee and members of his committee in lausanne , and we placed particular emphasis on our plans for the green games .
in addition , jiang yu , spokesperson of the ministry of foreign affairs , clarified dispatches from foreign news agencies claiming that the olympic torch had to be put out during the paris relay . he stated that dispatches by foreign news agencies in which they claimed that the beijing olympic torch was forced to extinguish in the course of the paris relay were false .
at international sporting events over the past two years , the big news for the r . o . c . has been the success of its women . of the six events in which the country is concentrating its training efforts for the 1992 olympics , three have been designated as a focus for women -- and in these events there are great hopes for olympic glory .
xinhua news agency , beijing , july 30 , special newswire for olympics ( correspondents ji guohua and yan tao ) on the morning of the 30th , the beijing olympic village held a village entrance ceremony for the honduran delegation . this was the first delegation from the central american region holding the village entrance ceremony .
london resident cassin stated that tibet has always been a part of china . it does no good for some people to want to interrupt the holding of the beijing olympics . a british university student named nick claimed that one should not politicize the olympic sports . it is completely wrong to try to express one 's political views by attempting to interrupt the torch relay by force .
since the adoption of resolution 48/10 on 25 october 1993 , states members have reaffirmed their attachment to the principles and ideals of ekecheiria , a tradition of ancient greece that dates the ninth century b.c. , according to which all conflicts would cease during an olympic truce from the seventh day before the opening of the games until the seventh day after their closing .
the report cited ching kwok ng as saying that , according to the results of the nationwide track and field athletic meets held recently in the philippines , the personnel concerned expected the philippines to win as many as 15 gold medals in the track and field events in the coming southeast asian games .
his bank provides athletes and coaches with about nt $300,000 per month . after the team 's outstanding performance in the east asian games , huang specially appropriated another nt $72,000 to reward them and encourage further progress . currently he is discussing with the ctwa the possibility of hiring retired athletes at the bank .
since the adoption of resolution 48/10 on 25 october 1993 , states members have reaffirmed their attachment to the principles and ideals of ekecheiria , a tradition of ancient greece that dates the ninth century b.c. , according to which all conflicts would cease during an olympic truce from the seventh day before the opening of the games until the seventh day after their closing .
in another development , despite beijing 's success in bidding for hosting the 2008 olympic games , stock markets on the mainland yesterday did not show any celebratory mood -- with the exception of a slight rise in b - type shares in shanghai , all indexes fell yesterday in shanghai and shenzhen stock markets .
speaking at a press conference launching the mascot naming competition today , the honorary secretary general of the sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong , china cum member of the asian games bid committee mr pang chung , said hosting such a prestigious international sporting event would bring great benefit to hong kong and add a new sporting dimension to our city in asia and around the world .
xinhua news agency , beijing , july 8 ( reporters liu weihong , li jiangtao ) - the main press center of the beijing olympics and the paralympics , the international broadcast center , and the 2008 beijing international media center officially opened on the 8th , beginning to provide full service to the media of the world 's countries and regions .
the additional subvention to the sdb is intended primarily to help cover the cost of the elite programme at the hksi . this includes the salary of coaches and their assistants , expenses related to squad training , sports science and medicine costs , athletes ' subsistence allowances , facilities running costs and management overheads for 12 focus sports and 13 elite athletes in other sports .
original post by * ) : what does that have to do with me . for an olympic games in beijing , they go berserk and waste money from the country 's taxpayers and upset the lives of the regular people . then when relaying the olympic flame , they make an exhibition of themselves and completely embarrass the chinese people .
it is with a sense of particular responsibility that my country is preparing for the centennial games to be held in 1996 in atlanta , the united states of america , where the azerbaijani republic , as an independent , sovereign state , will be represented for the first time in the history of the olympic games by its own national team .
furthermore , it is regrettable that some of those medals are won by talented athletes from countries that have hardly any sports installations and trainers or resources for the development of sport and that many of these athletes have no alternative but to take the path of professional and profit - making sport and to compete under other flags .
however , we are clearly aware that each and every medal we won and each and every point we scored at this olympic games contained painstaking labor and sweat of numberless athletes and coaches , contained contributions and efforts made with perseverance and consistency by several generations , and embodied the experiences and wisdom accumulated by the chinese nation over centuries .
however , we are clearly aware that each and every medal we won and each and every point we scored at this olympic games contained painstaking labor and sweat of numberless athletes and coaches , contained contributions and efforts made with perseverance and consistency by several generations , and embodied the experiences and wisdom accumulated by the chinese nation over centuries .
madam president , in the area of recreation and sports services , the democratic party is most concerned about our application to host the asian games . we have always thought that the government should first upgrade local sports facilities before we host international sporting events , or compete with other applicants for the asian games .
we believe that having the leadership of the party and the support of all the people of the nation , and having the arduous support of the people of beijing , in the year 2008 the olympics will certainly be able to show to the world the new style of the chinese people and write a new chapter in olympic history .
i am sick of 2008 being hijacked by the olympic games . i once said to my friends that i only care about what i can be interested in 2008 , apart from the olympics . i thought i could think about something else , but now i know that it 's impossible .
many outstanding athletes are groomed through these competitions every year . the omega awards have been highly valued by both schools and students as they constitute not only a recognition of achievement by outstanding athletes in inter - school sports events , but also an acknowledgment of the efforts by schools in the promotion of sports .
now that we have won the bid and finally the chinese people may host the games . those who have not met with difficulties and obstacles and those who have not experienced the hardship of striving to win the right to host the games will never understand such a feeling .
speaking at the reception , the head of the delegation , mr timothy fok tsun - ting , said the national games gathered top athletes from all over the country to contest for the highest honours . he was glad to see that hong kong athletes had brought back from the national games the fruitful medal hauls .
now , let us look back briefly on how the government has handled the asian games bid issue . to begin with , when the sports federation and olympic committee ( sf & oc ) decided to put forward the asian games bid proposal in june 1999 , the secretary responded on 28 june that while the government supported the proposal in principle , further consideration would be required if hong kong should bid to host the 2006 asian games .
when held up to the light , the image of the beijing 2008 olympics main venue - national stadium - can be seen clearly . above it is the face value number " 10 " in watermark which has the effect of changing from light to dark gradually . below it are the words " 29th olympic games . "
school teachers tell their students to try and strike up conversations with any foreigners they see on the street , and ma has noted that many of the participants in the big english contests that she has organized want very much to improve their mastery of the language so they can serve as volunteers at the 2008 beijing olympics .
the construction of the venue for qingdao 's + olympic sailing center is now proceeding smoothly . the aquatic engineering projects are already finished . as for the seven separate units of the land engineering projects , except for the ongoing exquisite decoration work on the olympic games + sub-village , the registration center and reception center that are to be completed at the end of march , the other buildings , uh , have all been already finished and put into operation .
rich lee , secretary general of the chinese taipei skating union , points to the academic success of many chinese athletes . chen ting , with an iq of 148 , has received an education award from us president bill clinton . li po - ling , who has represented chinese taipei in the winter olympics , is now a doctoral candidate at stanford university .
three lifeguards from the leisure and cultural services department ( lcsd ) had netted a total of 10 prizes , including four gold medals , two silver medals and four bronze medals , in the international lifesaving competition at the arafura games 200 held in darwin , australia from may 19 to 26 , 200 .
also speaking on the arrangements , the director of agriculture , fisheries and conservation , mrs stella hung , said the import health requirements for equestrian horses had been worked out after consultation with the world organisation for animal health ( oie ) , the international federation for equestrian sports ( fei ) , the beijing organising committee for the games of the xxix olympiad ( bocog ) and the hong kong jockey club .
lin jaw - fan , the men 's figure skating champion in the first cks cup held back in the 1970s , has not lost a bit of his enthusiasm for skating in more than 20 years as a coach . when the team went to indonesia earlier this year for the international competition in jakarta , 42 - year - old chiang donned his skates and came away with the gold medal in the adult men 's class five figure skating category .
today , li lanqing , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and vice premier of the state council , sent a message to the chinese sports delegation to the 11th olympiad for the handicapped , congratulating them on their outstanding achievements in this olympiad for the handicapped .
today , li lanqing , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and vice premier of the state council , sent a message to the chinese sports delegation to the 11th olympiad for the handicapped , congratulating them on their outstanding achievements in this olympiad for the handicapped .
china has always been an active supporter and participant of the olympic movement and has always adhered to principle of unity , friendship and progress and the guideline of fairness , justice and openness as advocated by the movement . we will strive to make our due contribution to the development of the olympic movement and to the noble cause of promoting peace and development for mankind .
china has always been an active supporter and participant of the olympic movement and has always adhered to principle of unity , friendship and progress and the guideline of fairness , justice and openness as advocated by the movement . we will strive to make our due contribution to the development of the olympic movement and to the noble cause of promoting peace and development for mankind .
other sports facilities including indoor games halls / indoor recreation centres / leisure centres / sports centres , tennis courts , squash courts , bowling greens , obstacle golf course , grass pitches and artificial grass pitches , as well as tuen mun recreation and sports centre will be closed on the first two days of lunar new year ( february 12-13 ) and re-open on february 14 .
liu qi said : in formulating an action plan for the olympic games , we must take general secretary jiang zemin 's important idea of " three represents " as guidance , set our eyes on the future , make an overall plan , and do our work according to international practice in order to ensure that our action plan is of the highest quality .
as far as we are concerned , algeria has always attached particular importance to the development of sport and the promotion of peace and friendship among peoples , as it has on all occasions defended the olympic ideal in regional and international competitions , endorsing the ideals of peace and security advocated by baron pierre de coubertin , the founder of the international olympic committee , so that the modern olympics would become a symbol of unity among the nations .
' full text ' of li lanqing 's message at 11 th olympiad for handicapped beijing , 28 oct ( xinhua ) -- today , li lanqing , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and vice premier of the state council , sent a message to the chinese sports delegation to the 11 th olympiad for the handicapped , congratulating them on their outstanding achievements in this olympiad for the handicapped .
the match ball to be used during the 2007 women 's soccer world cup competition hosted by the chinese team has been unveiled for the first time at the event . the ball , custom - made by the adidas company for the competition , is completely identical in its properties and the quality of its material with the teamgeist ball being used in this world cup .
the open competitions are divided into 16 sections , namely scented pot - plant , orchid , chinese cymbidium , potted plant , cacti and succulent , foliage plant , african violet , bonsai type plant , floral arrangement in the western style , floral arrangement in the oriental manner , floral art by school children , regional services department ( rsd ) / urban services department ( usd ) garden plot competition ( western style ) , rsd / usd garden plot competition ( oriental style ) , school garden plot competition , primary school plotted flower growing competition and secondary school potted plant growing / nursing competition .
beijing academy of social sciences management research institute director zhang geng told reporters that although high housing prices might be brought down by factors such as strong macro policies , the end of the olympic games , and the introduction of measures to limit beijing 's population size , it is not possible for such prices to , in the short term , drop to a level that can be afforded by the middle and lower income groups who are preparing to buy a house .
chi cheng has put in considerable efforts to change the status of athletics from being a pastime suitable for festivals and holidays , to being an organized affair complete with its own seasons . under her plan , athletes will train continuously for the four months from march to early july , during which period there will be a succession of track and field competitions .
" as i become the first thai to hold the top ibf job , it should in itself be a tangible inspiration to benefit thai badminton as a whole , " said korn , who had been head of thai national badminton team , chairman of both thai and asian badminton associations .
no other advertising forum has greater impact and effect than this , " says a spokesman for nassar , a south korean tennis equipment manufacturer , when explaining why his company is actively seeking the right to have his tennis balls carry official olympic recognition . it also reflects the determination on the part of the south koreans to stage this event .
moreover , the chinese communists must throw in an enormous amount of capital to construct the olympic competition sites , and however much the effect of displacing military expenditures has , the lower the chance of war in the taiwan strait . however , the pace of chinese communist military modernization will not lessen .
athens , august 22 , xinhua ( reporters chen weihua and shanlei ) following the federation internationale d'escrime 's punishment against the hungarian referee hidasi who judged the men 's team foil final of this year 's olympics , afp disclosed on the 22 nd that italian fencer sanzo met this hungarian referee before the game .
the youth of my country also calls on the glorious international olympic committee and states to place particular emphasis on education programmes for peace based on the recognized virtues of sport and the olympic ideal , which have become the most reliable bastions of social interaction , tolerance and understanding among peoples .
easy sports are sports with skills simplified and rules modified to suit the physique of primary school students . training in easy sports was first introduced systematically in schools last september under the easy sport programme , a subsidiary programme of the school sports programme jointly organised by the leisure and cultural services department and the education department , and assisted by various national sports associations .
dizzy and light - headed at the trials , he defeated four or five strong opponents to win the right to go . " if taekwondo is later canceled as an exhibition and not recognized as a formal event , and i win a gold medal in the second class , " he says , " won n't that make mine the only one in the world ? " "
we are particularly interested in the debate this year because of the excellent report of the secretary - general , which encourages the work carried out by the organization in collaboration with the international olympic committee , and also because of the final and very instructive report on the olympic movement , which stresses the many interesting and important initiatives taken by the committee itself and by national committees with regard to the item now before us .
the athletes are the glory of the homeland and the pride of the nation . each time the majestic strains of " the march of the volunteers " sounded in the olympic arena , and every time the resplendent five-star red flag was raised , waves of patriotism rippled in the hearts of all the chinese people .
cao jin , a representative of the chinese students , said : " we believe that with the concerted efforts of the 1.2-billion chinese people , vigorous support of the overseas chinese and people of chinese origin , and active coordination of foreign friends , we will succeed in hosting the 2008 olympics games , and give the people all over the world a surprise and an answer that satisfies them . "
aimed at promoting sport - for - all , the masters games are territory - wide sports event for people aged 35 or above with competitions on 12 items , namely , tennis , squash , tenpin bowling , three on three basketball , archery , distance run , swimming , angling , table tennis , badminton , lawn bowls as well as tai chi chuen and sword .
" mass gymnastics towards an era of health " includes two performances by cga . demonstrations will be given by the championship of floor exercise of the 1992 olympic games and individual all round championship of the 1995 world gymnastics championship , mr li xianshuang ; and former chinese gymnastic team member , mr wang chongsheng ; on december 3 ( friday ) at wai tsuen indoor recreation centre in tsuen wan at 8 pm and on december 4 ( saturday ) at tai po indoor recreation centre in tai po at 3 pm .
on the recommendations to provide support to disabled athletes and improve the prospects of high - performance sports , the democratic party is of the view that despite the fact that the impression of local athletes in the eyes of the public has improved in recent years , the importance which the community attaches to athletes still compares rather unfavourably with that in other countries .
however , i demand that with the integration of the hong kong sports development board and the hong kong sports institute in an effort to pool resources in the sports sector , the government should also vest the new body with the power to select athletes to take part in international competitions .
at the college world championships held in sheffield , england , in july , she took the gold in the 200 meters . not only did she write a new page in the history of r . o . c . athletics , but she also became the first oriental to win that event in the 16 times that the meet has been held .
moreover , the chinese communists must throw in an enormous amount of capital to construct the olympic competition sites , and however much the effect of displacing military expenditures has , the lower the chance of war in the taiwan strait . however , the pace of chinese communist military modernization will not lessen .
cao jin , a representative of the chinese students , said : " we believe that with the concerted efforts of the 1.2 billion chinese people , vigorous support of the overseas chinese and people of chinese origin , and active coordination of foreign friends , we will succeed in hosting the 2008 olympics games , and give the people all over the world a surprise and an answer that satisfies them . "
in these latter sports , small and supple competitors have an especially good chance to excel , and peak performances tend to come at a relatively young age . once a competitor matures , it becomes more difficult to acquire or maintain a high level of skill . that is why most competitors in these sports begin training very young . most top athletes are in their teens .
three lifeguards from the leisure and cultural services department ( lcsd ) had netted a total of 10 prizes , including four gold medals , two silver medals and four bronze medals , in the international lifesaving competition at the arafura games 200 held in darwin , australia from may 19 to 26 , 200 .
ten years later , at the pusan east asian games , chu 's results were 80 kilos in the snatch and 100 kilos in the clean and jerk , for a 180 total . not only is this better than the gold medal - winning performance back in 1987 , it closely approaches the number one performance of 1996-187.5 kilos .
to change this kind of situation and in line with the principle of " sports as the core and comprehensive development " , guangzhou has modified the structures and functions of the newly - built public sports facilities before the 9th national games , seeking to realize the integration of the multi-functions of sports , culture , recreation and entertainment of these facilities .
the bronze medal winner of the 14th asian games busan 2002 ladies ' badminton team , ms ling wan - ting ; the hong kong men 's top squash player no .2 , mr wong wai - hang ; mr brian hung and mr yu hiu - tung who are currently ranked no .1 and no .2 respectively among all under 18 junior tennis players in hong kong ; as well as the members of the hong kong table tennis team at the asian games , mr li ching and mr ko lai - chak , have shown their support to the charity sale by donating their own rackets .
sponsors of the meet were worried over the bad weather caused by a typhoon , but the soaking rains did not dampen the enthusiasm of sports fans . more than 10,000 people gathered at the stadium to watch leading world athletes take part in competition . the host republic of china collected 10 gold medals , 14 silver and 15 bronze , while the united states had four gold , two silver and two bronze to set the pace for the meet .
however , different views within the chen shui - bian administration were not enlarged . vice president annette lu [ lu hsiu - lien ] , who is considered to be a person of taking a strong stand , also expressed her support to beijing 's application for sponsoring the olympic games when she was interviewed by " the voice of germany . "
however , different views within the chen shui-bian administration were not enlarged . vice president annette lu [ lu hsiu-lien ] , who is considered to be a person of taking a strong stand , also expressed her support to beijing 's application for sponsoring the olympic games when she was interviewed by " the voice of germany . "
with preparations underway for the olympics , chen chuan - show sat down with sinorama to discuss the achievements of competitive sports in taiwan , the promotion of sports among the citizenry , and the development of sports under a tide of professionalization , and the role of the ncpfs in the future . he also discussed what he hopes to achieve as chairman , and the challenges facing him .
the international swimming federation ( fina ) announced on january 14 that four chinese swimmers tested positive in an out - of - competition dope test at the world swimming championships and fina decided to provisionally suspend the four chinese until a hearing can be made following the test of the b sample .
at 6-1/6-4, the no . 1 player in the world was knocked out after two rounds of utter defeat . it was the first time for " china zheng " to be the top news in the sports sections of the world media . and it is the first time for a chinese player to have defeated the current world no .1 player .
they staged demonstrations and sit-ins in front of the headquarters of the united nations , outside the human rights commission in geneva , at the olympic games , at places where chinese leaders visited , and even at public venues of entertainment , and did their best to uglify the chinese government and sow discord in sino-us relations . he said that no patriotic person with a good conscience should sit by and watch the perverted deeds of the falungong .
during his stay in beijing , francois holds friendly talks with lu shiming , executive deputy director of china disabled person 's federation ( cdpf ) and jia yong , director of china paralymic administration centre on strengthening communications and cooperation between china and international paralympic committees , chinese delegation 's attending of the athens paralympics and its preparations for the beijing games .
the post said that this summit would crown a new generation of " five masters " . in order to echo the olympics , the new " five masters " would be conferred the title " five kongfu fuwa " . representing the martial arts community , they would go to beijing to support the olympics .
the postmaster general , mr luk ping - chuen , announced today ( august 22 ) that a prestige silver - foiled souvenir cover issued by the sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong , china will be available for sale at the 38 philatelic offices from august 26 to october 14 to commemorate hong kong 's participation in the 14th busan asian games to be held in busan , south korea from september 29 to october 14 .
ever since that memorable date , the united nations , with the very valuable support of the secretary-general , has repeatedly encouraged the endeavours of the international olympic committee in 1995 , then again in 1997 by adopting resolutions recalling the original goals of a peaceful and better world through sport and the olympic ideal .
cao jin , a representative of the chinese students , said : " we believe that with the concerted efforts of the 1.2 - billion chinese people , vigorous support of the overseas chinese and people of chinese origin , and active coordination of foreign friends , we will succeed in hosting the 2008 olympics games , and give the people all over the world a surprise and an answer that satisfies them . "
down - hill mountain biking is a sport for athletes or those who wish to be trained to be athletes in this field . i dare not say that it involves no danger for all kinds of sports do involve dangers . but we are unable to have ambulancemen stationed there permanently for this is too impracticable .
they staged demonstrations and sit-ins in front of the headquarters of the united nations , outside the human rights commission in geneva , at the olympic games , at places where chinese leaders visited , and even at public venues of entertainment , and did their best to uglify the chinese government and sow discord in sino-us relations . he said that no patriotic person with a good conscience should sit by and watch the perverted deeds of the falungong .
5. requests the secretary - general to promote the observance of the olympic truce among member states , drawing the attention of world public opinion to the contribution such a truce would make to the promotion of international understanding and the maintenance of peace and goodwill , and to cooperate with the international olympic committee in the realization of this objective .
in order to change these situations , guangzhou adopted the policy of " sports as base but comprehensive development . " actually before the 9th national sports meet , guangzhou had already revised the structural layout and functional capability of these new and renovated public sports facilities . the objective is to ensure these new or renovated facilities have multi-function capabilities under one roof , including sports , culture , leisure and entertainment etc.
lin yi - shih , secretary - general of the roc chinese chess association , hopes to see the council for cultural affairs revive the chungshan cup . says lin , " every time i travel abroad , people ask me when there 'll be another chungshan cup . " in lin 's opinion , it would be much easier for chinese chess to become an olympic event if both the government and private sector each organized a major international tournament .
an international athletic meeting , sponsored by the republic of china track and field association , opened at the taipei municipal stadium september 1 . more than 200 track and field athletes from 13 countries spanning the five continents took part , including edwin moses , holder of the 400 - meter hurdles world record , mike tully , world record holder in the pole vault and other world class stars .
the building of the auditorium was the most important part of the whole olympic games center construction project . this included the pouring of concrete foundations , the construction of a raked auditorium floor , the installation of steel framework , and so on , which took more than 16 months to complete .
the men 's class 9 team for persons with non - leg - related disabilities and the women 's wheelchair team of combined classes 4 and 5 took bronzes in team events , while li ching - chung ( men 's judo class 1 ) and lu li - hua ( women 's powerlifting class 1 ) garnered individual bronzes .
the athletes are the glory of the homeland and the pride of the nation . each time the majestic strains of " the march of the volunteers " sounded in the olympic arena , and every time the resplendent five-star red flag was raised , waves of patriotism rippled in the hearts of all the chinese people .
liu qi said : in formulating an action plan for the olympic games , we must take general secretary jiang zemin 's important idea of " three represents " as guidance , set our eyes on the future , make an overall plan , and do our work according to international practice in order to ensure that our action plan is of the highest quality .
liu qi said : in formulating an action plan for the olympic games , we must take general secretary jiang zemin 's important idea of " three represents " as guidance , set our eyes on the future , make an overall plan , and do our work according to international practice in order to ensure that our action plan is of the highest quality .
" cao jin , a representative of the chinese students , said : " we believe that with the concerted efforts of the 1.2 billion chinese people , vigorous support of the overseas chinese and people of chinese origin , and active coordination of foreign friends , we will succeed in hosting the 2008 olympics games , and give the people all over the world a surprise and an answer that satisfies them .
i understand the two gold medalists , and some other sports people who have yet to win , have been working hard on their own . after some hard work they finally made their way to the top and bring honour to hong kong . although in the past few years , following the launching of the policy of training top athletes by the hong kong sports institute ( hksi ) , they begin to gain achievements in international events , especially those events that suit asian abilities better , such as ping - pong , and badminton .
even though this kind of competition has a certain degree of difficulty and danger , there are still more and more athletes signing up . and for many people , the competition can not only set off their aspirations to challenge themselves , but it can also allow them to experience unique pleasure .
the government of the republic of china has become involved in helping nurture a program of developing athletics . one program that has met with mixed results is one that allows the top three finishers in national - level competitions a place in the physical education faculties of the country 's leading post-secondary institutions .
ever since that memorable date , the united nations , with the very valuable support of the secretary - general , has repeatedly encouraged the endeavours of the international olympic committee in 1995 , then again in 1997 by adopting resolutions recalling the original goals of a peaceful and better world through sport and the olympic ideal .
they staged demonstrations and sit - ins in front of the headquarters of the united nations , outside the human rights commission in geneva , at the olympic games , at places where chinese leaders visited , and even at public venues of entertainment , and did their best to uglify the chinese government and sow discord in sino - us relations . he said that no patriotic person with a good conscience should sit by and watch the perverted deeds of the falungong .
when olympic champion guo wenjun was winning the gold medal , she hit her straps with the first shot a 10 ring , second shot a 10.5 ring , eighth shot a 10.7 ring , the ninth shot an outstanding 10.8 ring ; obviously , guo wenjun was constantly optimizing her performance , constantly improving her results .
during the middle of june , president lee teng - hui went to tsoying to encourage the athletes who are going to take part in the olympics . president lee encouraged ts ' ai to display the same power he showed four years ago and bring honor to the country by winning another medal . (
these major events , four of which have already been successfully held , received the " m " mark endorsement under the " m " mark system and support packages launched in november , 2004 , by the major sports events committee ( msec ) of the sports commission , and aimed at helping major sports events evolve into market - oriented and sustainable events .
informed sources said that the beijing olympic bidding committee has basically completed the three major tasks for moscow , site of the final voting , including the presentation at the ioc plenary meeting . the contents of the presentation include a verbal presentation , television publicity films , and a multimedia broadcast , lasting a total 45 minutes . the draft for the verbal presentation was polished up on 27 june .
the athletes are the glory of the homeland and the pride of the nation . each time the majestic strains of " the march of the volunteers " sounded in the olympic arena , and every time the resplendent five - star red flag was raised , waves of patriotism rippled in the hearts of all the chinese people .
at the age of 26 , she married her american coach , vincent reel , and the two settled in the u . s . on the eve of the 1972 olympic games held in munich , however , the couple decided to return to the republic of china and dedicate themselves to training promising young athletes .
i am pleased to note that secretary patrick ho has set down a number of objectives in his policy agenda : to assist hong kong elite athletes in achieving good results in international events ; to foster total community participation in sports activities ; and , to hold more international sports events in hong kong .
in the past we placed great emphasis on medals . athletes did n't have to worry about hitting the books , and in all channels for advancement in higher education there would be an independent section for athletes . this moreover only stressed athletic achievement -- this is really something different .
aimed at enhancing these five sports training at district level , the young athlete training scheme includes identifying athletes with potential through progressive training . those who have good performance will be referred to relevent sports association for further training . they might be selected to the local teenagers representative teams as well .
men outside the sports field shedding tears : liu bo you understand her pain the most when xian dongmei took first place , her husband was choked with tears people are moved not only by tears shed by men at the olympics competition fields but they are equally moved by tears shed outside the competition fields .
in china , it is possible that you do not play basketball , but it is impossible that you do not know yao ming . there are hundreds of millions of fans here who have come to love basketball because of him . whether pupils wearing red scarfs or senile " yao fans " , they regard their idol as the king on the basketball court and the savior of that will enable the chinese men 's basketball to make history at the beijing olympic games .
the observance of the olympic truce during the 16 days of the competition is a major challenge faced by international sports leaders and those responsible for world diplomacy . it can constitute an important move towards conflict resolution and provide an opportunity for the parties to conflicts to work out their differences .
besides , when it becomes an industry , there will be funding available for the training of athletes , thereby raising sports standard . this will further enhance the development of the sports industry , resulting in a favourable interactive relationship beneficial to the development of both sports and the economy .
after the miserable failure of the national football team in the training in spain , someone from inside the national football team " spilled the beans " to the media , saying that among the initial opponents selected by the national olympic team , there were originally more french - ligue 1 teams but commander - in - chief dujkovic insisted that the national olympic team not take on too strong opponents at the start of the training . as such , these stronger opponents had been replaced by these current weaker teams .
and then , the whole handover of the olympic flame exclusively from the greek sportsmen , uh , in the country , um , requiring our china for the first time , requiring , requiring our china 's roughly six torchbearers to assist them in the handover activity . it 's for the first time , which did n't exist in the past .
xinhua news agency , changchun , january 26 , sports special dispatch ( reporters xu yijun , ma yang ) . " asia is no . 1 in the world in short track speed skating , and china and south korea are the best of all , " said kazakhstan short track speed skating head coach karsybekov who traveled here to participate in the asian winter gamers . " we hope to invite chinese coaches to train our skaters to improve the level of our short track speed skating sport as soon as possible . "
the beijing olympics torch relay will start in its south korean leg today . human rights , religious , and conservative groups vowed to block the relay route as a protest against china 's action in tibet and its deportation of north korean refugees . thousands of riot police officers are mobilized and on alert .
an " or ' was written on it , olympics , then a " wr " was written later . i thought that it was a mistake . mine , mine was clearly an olympic record . he later changed my result to 12.91 seconds , which tied the world record . all of a sudden , i felt my entire body ... i even felt light when i walked .
under " one country , two systems , " though the systems are different , the honor or disgrace of the country and the vicissitudes of the nation are felt with equal intensity . the people of hong kong take heart in beijing 's successful olympic bid , the country 's further prosperity and flourishing , and the greater development of sports undertakings .
they said that , after learning that the olympic torch would pass through ho chi minh city , the chinese students began making preparations in early april . they first asked about whether their university had arranged any relevant activity and then contacted the chinese consulate - general in ho chi minh city expressing the hope of taking part in the relay .
we all know , ah , that diving , uh , is a competition placing great emphasis on skills , and the athletes , uh , all have enviable figures . however , in a diving competition held in dankou , colorado , usa , it is a completely different story . why ? because all participating divers have big bellies . let 's take a look .
mr albert ho : madam president , although members of this council and many in the community have expressed their support in principle for hong kong 's bid to host the asian games , it does not mean that honourable colleagues and members of the public will agree the hong kong government issuing a blank cheque to bid for the right to host the asian games . in other words , it does not mean that we are willing to host the asian games at any price , even though hosting the event will bring certain benefits to hong kong in the long term .
closing ceremonies for the 2000 sydney paralympics were held on october 29 . nearly 4000 athletes from more than one hundred and twenty countries participated . this event , a manifestation of the ideal that " the flame burns in the body , mind , and spirit of every individual , " broke down international barriers and was an admirable example of the global village in operation .
st . petersburg is the third leg for the beijing olympics torch relay outside of the country . before this , the torch was successfully passed in kazakhstan 's almaty and turkey 's istanbul . on the afternoon of the 5th , the torch will set off from st . petersburg for london in the uk , where the torch will start the fourth leg of the relay on the 6th .
these dedicated athletes are of course most qualified to talk about bidding for the olympics , or even about raising our sports standards to new heights . however , because of the constraints imposed by its geography , resources and other factors , hong kong has never had such an opportunity . so , our athletes often have to compete overseas , and every time they do so , they have to pay a lot of expenses .
the head of the association says , " one reason for the training courses is to spot potential talent . another is , of course , to raise boating standards in the hopes of encouraging more people to compete . " with this in mind , he hopes that taiwan , with a stiff wind at her back and clear sky overhead , will soon be able to sail great distances in international competitions .
as hong kong lacks world-class large stadiums , hosting the asian games will give the government extra incentive to build such facilities . it will not be a big problem for hong kong to host the 2006 asian games . it would of course be best to build a new stadium for the opening . otherwise , we can use the existing hong kong stadium .
also officiating in the event were the president of the sports federation & olympic committee of hong kong ( sf & oc ) , mr timothy fok tsun - ting ; acting director of leisure and cultural services , ms lolly chiu ; and general manager - television broadcasting of television broadcasts limited ( tvb ) , mr t . k . ho .
the governments and peoples of the two countries have shown a high level of attention and enthusiasm toward the torch relay , and this instance of the torch relay was an unprecedented success . from this day forward , the pakistan olympic committee will further deepen cooperation with the chinese government and people in sport projects .
6 . requests the secretary-general to promote the observance of the olympic truce among member states , drawing the attention of world public opinion to the contribution such a truce would make to the promotion of international understanding and the preservation of peace and goodwill , and to cooperate with the international olympic committee in the realization of this objective ;
6. requests the secretary - general to promote the observance of the olympic truce among member states , drawing the attention of world public opinion to the contribution such a truce would make to the promotion of international understanding and the preservation of peace and goodwill , and to cooperate with the international olympic committee in the realization of this objective ;
the fourth national farmers ' games , held at the turn of century , will further review chinese peasants ' new accomplishments in sports , exchange and promote chinese peasants ' new athletic experiences , more extensively promote peasants ' sports , contribute to upgrading the chinese nation 's physiques , and help the party realize its objectives in developing agriculture and rural areas which reach into the next century .
the fourth national farmers ' games , held at the turn of century , will further review chinese peasants ' new accomplishments in sports , exchange and promote chinese peasants ' new athletic experiences , more extensively promote peasants ' sports , contribute to upgrading the chinese nation 's physiques , and help the party realize its objectives in developing agriculture and rural areas which reach into the next century .
coaches and soccer players should foster good sports and moral habits , give play to indomitable spirit during matches and consciously obey the judgements and punishments given by the referees . any objections to the referees ' judgements and punishments must be raised in line with stipulations and procedures in order to guarantee that matches can be normally proceeded .
coaches and soccer players should foster good sports and moral habits , give play to indomitable spirit during matches and consciously obey the judgements and punishments given by the referees . any objections to the referees ' judgements and punishments must be raised in line with stipulations and procedures in order to guarantee that matches can be normally proceeded .
the talk was held at a time when people on both sides of the strait were celebrating beijing 's success in the olympic bid and when the desire for a strong motherland and the rise of the nation formed a mighty current in the chinese people all over the world .
whenever there is any large - scale project or development in the mainland , such as the hosting of the olympics in beijing in 2008 , top government officials should be assigned to lead high - level delegations comprising representatives of local companies on visits to the mainland for the purpose of securing contracts for local companies .
the amendments mainly involve the rezoning of the completed developments adjoining the airport railway olympic station from " comprehensive development area " ( " cda " ) to appropriate residential or commercial zones to reflect their existing uses . these completed developments include the hong kong and shanghai banking corporation centre , the park avenue , central park / olympian city two , the olympian city one / olympian tower and the island harbourview .
4 . promoting a civilized game style . the relevant local governments and departments and all soccer clubs , soccer players and coaches should foster a correct concept of winning or losing in the soccer matches , and not be " arrogant while winning the game or dispirited while being defeated . " they should resolutely overcome the impetuous sentiment that " one must win and must not lose in the games , " and the mentality of being eager for instant success and quick profits .
4. requests the secretary - general to promote the observance of the olympic truce among member states , drawing the attention of world public opinion to the contribution such a truce would make to the promotion of international understanding and the maintenance of peace and goodwill , and to cooperate with the international olympic committee in the realization of this objective ;
6. requests the secretary - general to promote the observance of the olympic truce among member states , drawing the attention of world public opinion to the contribution such a truce would make to the promotion of international understanding and the preservation of peace and goodwill , and to cooperate with the international olympic committee in the realization of this objective ;
4. requests the secretary - general to promote the observance of the olympic truce among member states , drawing the attention of world public opinion to the contribution such a truce would make to the promotion of international understanding and the preservation of peace and goodwill , and to cooperate with the international olympic committee in the realization of this objective ;
win or loss of the matches is not very important . a more important point is that from these matches , i want to find players who fit the style of the team . it is the match in hong kong next month that is the key point in testing the effects of our group training in this period .
for instance , for the diving training center in guangdong , athletes have to have at least won a championship in a national game before they can eat at a place called " guanjun lou . " those who have not reached such a level can only stop at the door and sigh .
( c ) there are some 64 leases for recreational purposes which contain a clause allowing the competent authorities to require the grantees to make available their premises for sports and similar activities conducted by schools , youth organizations , government departments or sports teams visiting hong kong or for open sports events as appropriate .
through the olympic games , propound to people the life philosophies such as being happy to make an effort , the practice of respecting society 's public morality and the rule - abiding competition , as well as make contributions to the promotion of the personal harmonious development of humanity and the establishment of society that safeguards human dignity and peace .
through the olympic games , propound to people the life philosophies such as being happy to make an effort , the practice of respecting society 's public morality and the rule - abiding competition , as well as make contributions to the promotion of the personal harmonious development of humanity and the establishment of society that safeguards human dignity and peace .
we firmly believe that the judges of the privy council in britain are of very high quality . at the same time , we have to understand that though british soccer teams , the united states ' nba basketball teams and tennis players have excellent skills , does this mean , after watching their games , that hong kong 's soccer teams , basketball teams and others are no good and there will be no sports activities in hong kong ?
the delegation includes 26 top chinese athletes who recently won gold medals in the olympic games in sydney . they are liu xuan ( women 's gymnastics ) , li xiaopeng and zheng lihui ( men 's gymnastics ) , zhang jun and ji xinpeng ( men 's badminton ) , gong zhichao , ge fei , gao ling and gu jun ( women 's badminton ) , kong linghui , wang liqin and yan sen ( men 's table tennis ) , wang nan and li ju ( women 's table tennis ) , yang xia , ding meiyuan , chen xiaomin and lin weining ( women 's weightlifting ) , zhan xugang ( men 's weightlifting ) , yuan hua and tang lin ( women 's judo ) , chen zhong ( women 's taekwondo ) , tao luna ( women 's shooting ) , yang ling and cai yalin ( men 's shooting ) and wang liping ( women 's athletics ) .
beijing has realized its dream by winning the hosting rights with incomparably resilient confidence and tremendous efforts and will certainly repay the world with a miracle with even greater determination and endeavor , i.e . , to present to the people of the world a new beijing and make a success of the new olympics in 2008 !
let me repeat , the hosting of the asian games is not any private property of the sar government or the chief executive . i am sure members of the public would be happy to see hong kong hosting the asian games and enjoying the benefits so brought . however , i also believe that members of the public also share my wish to have a thorough understanding of the possible effects the hosting of the asian games might have on hong kong before rendering our sincere support .
he thinks that the 2008 beijing olympics have provided the beijing - tianjin - hebei region a " theme " for its economic ascension . once the beijing - tianjin high - speed rail is completed and it takes only 30 minutes to travel from beijing to tianjin , the melding of the two cities will accelerate rapidly . the ability to radiate outward will result in the development and integration of hebei and even the entire northwest and shandong .
working from hk 's economic and trade office in sydney , cip chung found himself welcoming more than officers to australia 's biggest city , helping the hk olympic team and senior government officials such as the then chief , financial and home affairs secretaries who were in town .
the head of the association says , " one reason for the training courses is to spot potential talent . another is , of course , to raise boating standards in the hopes of encouraging more people to compete . " with this in mind , he hopes that taiwan , with a stiff wind at her back and clear sky overhead , will soon be able to sail great distances in international competitions .
along the same lines , and given their athletic and cultural nature , the francophone games the third round of which has just been held in madagascar have been the occasion for young athletes and artists from 36 countries of the francophone community to come together in peaceful and friendly competition , designed to develop among them trust and solidarity beyond borders .
grass skiers respond to the questions this way . first , grass skiing is n't strange ; it 's been registered as a world-class sport and is practiced in 26 countries . the international grass skiing association sponsors numerous international competitions : 22 were held from july to september last year , for instance .
by january 2003 , she had already achieved the minimum qualifying score for the 10 - m ladies ' air pistol event , and had already taken part in a number of international competitions , including the world cup at busan in 2003 , the asian shooting championships 2004 , and the south east asia shooting championships 2000 - 2003 .
" in all my past 74 competitions i 've never had a perfect lift , " ts ' ai says . " but 280 kilos at the seoul olympics -- that 's my goal . it 's my most important goal in eighteen years of weightlifting , and it 's also my last chance . "
we must not link the victory or defeat of a soccer match and the rise and fall of a soccer team with the honor or disgrace of the region or city where the match is held or the soccer team is located . the good sports style and features and lofty professional ethics of the soccer players constitute one of the important symbols of spiritual civilization construction in the areas and cities where they are located .
the olympic torch relay in san francisco will begin at the pier of the china basin park . eighty torchbearers will travel for about 13 kilometers along the coast , passing through several landmark attractions including embarcadero and the fisherman 's wharf , and will finally reach the destination at the justin herman plaza .
4 . promoting a civilized game style . the relevant local governments and departments and all soccer clubs , soccer players and coaches should foster a correct concept of winning or losing in the soccer matches , and not be " arrogant while winning the game or dispirited while being defeated . " they should resolutely overcome the impetuous sentiment that " one must win and must not lose in the games , " and the mentality of being eager for instant success and quick profits .
current chinese shooting team head coach wang yifu says , " shooting is an event with a high level of uncertainty , not only does the element of chance exist , but it is considerably large . those wanting to get good results in the large competitions like the olympics , apart from having a perfect mastery of the skills involved , stable performance on site during the competition and a good slice of luck are also a must . "
the olympic promotional video was commissioned by the international olympic committee ( ioc ) to the firm trans world international , based in london . in a fax , gill blake , assistant producer of the project , wrote " we listened to several pieces we felt had something spiritual and timeless about them . it was then purely a matter of making a subjective choice . . . . in addition , ' return to innocence ' seemed to work in conjunction with the ideas expressed in the video of fair play , peace , unity , etc. "
the degree of wild celebration and emotional reactions by the chinese both at home and abroad to beijing 's successful bid as seen on television and in news photos over the past several days is no less than those several major events since the founding of the people 's republic , say , the successful explosion of the atomic and hydrogen bombs , the launch of a satellite into space , and china winning the first olympic medal .
other sports facilities including indoor games halls / indoor recreation centres / leisure centres / sports centres , tennis courts , squash courts , bowling greens , obstacle golf course , grass pitches and artificial grass pitches , as well as tuen mun recreation and sports centre will be closed on the first two days of lunar new year ( february 12 - 13 ) and re - open on february 14 .
its objectives , namely , peace , friendship , and progress , and its principle of fair competition have had an extensive , positive influence on the peace and development of the international community . in the new century , we are full of confidence in the future of the olympic movement and are determined to make our due contributions to the enhancement of the olympic spirit .
all the chinese peasant athletes have happily gathered in mianyang and will strive to attain outstanding results . however , the national farmers ' games stresses participation , exchanges , demonstration of china 's enormous accomplishments in agriculture and rural work , and reflection of the spiritual profiles of the new generation of chinese peasants .
cycling as a sport in hong kong has reached a very high standard internationally . hung chung - yam in the past and current top cyclist wong kam - po have achieved very brilliant results in various international competitions . most notably , wong kam - po even snatched gold in the cycling event for hong kong in the 1998 asian games .
but athletes at the junior and senior high school levels have a rather poor understanding of an injury 's seriousness . add to this the system of allowing star athletes to enter college without examination , and the opportunities for travel abroad that athletics offers , and the result is a recklessly competitive spirit .
the commission did its utmost to improve the athletes ' competitive environment so that they could achieve their best performances , and these outstanding young people from every part of the island did not disappoint them . in swimming , tsai hsin - yen shattered the national and asian games records in the 100 - meter breaststroke with a time of 1:03.83 , proving that he will be a top contender at next year 's asian games .
among the 12 sports activities organised for this year 's masters games , the deadline for enrollment in the six sports competitions including angling , archery , badminton , 3 - on - 3 basketball , swimming and tennis is set on november 19 ; whereas that for six other competitions of lawn bowls , squash , distance run , table tennis , tenpin bowling and tai chi chuen / sword to be staged in january next year is scheduled on december 10 .
in badminton , both amy chan and chan chi - choi have improved their world rankings and reached the last eight in the all - england championships in early 1987 . rowing , the newest sport to the programme , has begun well , finishing fourth in the heavyweight final in the asian games - hong kong 's crew being composed totally of lightweights !
hong kong 's bid to host the asian games has greatly encouraged our athletes to work with untiring efforts to upgrade their skills and enhance the status of hong kong in the international sports arena . it does not only greatly inspire our athletes and other members of the local sporting community to move forward , but also unites all sectors of our community to work with concerted efforts to achieve our common goal and to demonstrate to the global community our entrepreneurial spirit and vitality .
to permit athletes from various countries to have a chance to participate , the international table tennis association has limited the number of players that each country may send to the olympics to a maximum of three men and two women . that decision has kept off the roster several players who rank in the top twenty worldwide but who play for strong teams such as sweden 's and mainland china 's .
the people across the country are grateful to the athletes for winning glory for the motherland . on behalf of the state council , i extend warm greetings and heartfelt thanks to them ! the hard - struggling spirit displayed by chinese olympic athletes to win glory for our country will greatly inspire our comrades on all fronts nationwide , especially those on the front of science and technology .
it is a pity that the government has long been neglecting these two aspects of work . let me say a few words about sport activities first . at present , there is only one sports centre in hong kong specially engaged in training outstanding athletes for competition purpose . only a few hundred young people can obtain scholarships which enable them to concentrate fully on training .
the majority of the panel members gave their support to hosting the 2006 asian games on the grounds that apart from boosting the tourism and creating more job opportunities in the hosting process , there would be many intangible benefits including promotion of sports and an interest in sports among the young people .
wang min - nan emphasizes that the most important thing in children 's sports is participation . for example , says wang , " adults should n't just pick out the best athletes to participate in children 's sports events . children should be allowed to participate in whatever they want to . only then can every child have a chance to experience the exhilaration of sports . "
the people across the country are grateful to the athletes for winning glory for the motherland . on behalf of the state council , i extend warm greetings and heartfelt thanks to them ! the hard - struggling spirit displayed by chinese olympic athletes to win glory for our country will greatly inspire our comrades on all fronts nationwide , especially those on the front of science and technology .
the beijing olympics torch relay , which has been followed everywhere by protests like shadows , will have tanzania as its only stop in africa . the city government said that dar es salaam is determined to become the first city to host a protest - free torch relay and is hoping to follow in the footsteps of buenos aires .
evictions may be carried out in connection with conflict over land rights , development and infrastructure projects , such as the construction of dams or other large - scale energy projects , with land acquisition measures associated with urban renewal , housing renovation , city beautification programmes , the clearing of land for agricultural purposes , unbridled speculation in land , or the holding of major sporting events like the olympic games .
the statement is as follows : according to a report sent by the chinese swimming association , the international swimming federation ( fina ) announced on january 14 that four chinese swimmers tested positive in a samples in a doping test at the eighth world swimming championships and fina decided to provisionally suspend the four chinese from the championships pending a hearing after the test of b samples .
beijing has realized its dream by winning the hosting rights with incomparably resilient confidence and tremendous efforts and will certainly repay the world with a miracle with even greater determination and endeavor , i.e. , to present to the people of the world a new beijing and make a success of the new olympics in 2008 !
beijing has realized its dream by winning the hosting rights with incomparably resilient confidence and tremendous efforts and will certainly repay the world with a miracle with even greater determination and endeavor , i.e. , to present to the people of the world a new beijing and make a success of the new olympics in 2008 !
the corporate games 2002 comprised competitions in 15 sports held at various venues between july 2002 and january this year : chinese chess , tenpin bowling , basketball , tennis , swimming , 7 - a - side mini soccer , snooker , badminton , 11 - a - side soccer , indoor rowing , volleyball , aquathon ( swimming and running ) , canoeing , track and field , and table - tennis .
beijing has realized its dream by winning the hosting rights with incomparably resilient confidence and tremendous efforts and will certainly repay the world with a miracle with even greater determination and endeavor , i.e. , to present to the people of the world a new beijing and make a success of the new olympics in 2008 !
basketball and table tennis events will be held at yuen wo road indoor recreation centre in sha tin from 10 am to 12:30 pm on december 15 . track and field events will be held at kowloon bay sports ground from 10 am to 5 pm on december 16 .
the olympic torch relay in st . petersburg will start from the victory square in the southern part of the city . the torch will be passed on toward the north , traveling across downtown and the northern shore region of the neva river , and will eventually arrive at the palace square , passing through many historical and human landmarks on its way .
there continue to be people in the american government and public who suppress china saying such things as the plane and crew must be immediately released , that the united states will oppose china 's accession to the wto , re-examining china 's permanent normal trade relation status , selling warships to taiwan , and preventing china from getting the olympic games , etc. , using the destruction of sino - us relations as a threat with haughtiness and arrogance .
in the exhibition , visitors will be able to relive wonderful moments in the sports arena through hundred of photographs : the homecoming of ms amy chan and mr chan chi - choi after winning a gold medal of badminton mixed doubles in the 1990 commonwealth games ; the exciting football match between south china and kmb in the 60s ; the first visit to hong kong of the national table - tennis team of china in 1964 ; the much - remembered cross - harbour swimming as well as the british national basketball team 's match with the hong kong basketball team in 1975 .
people also saw that after the aircraft collision incident , the younger bush made a tough - worded speech and then ran into snags when dealing with china . he quietly made a phone call to the elder bush , and elder bush tried hard to make his son soften the position of the us government . the elder bush held that the us government should not try to obstruct beijing 's bid for hosting the olympic games and take this as a means of retaliation ;
the facts about china 's reform and opening up and improvement of its people 's lives , including its human rights status , are there for all to see and have been universally acknowledged . the fact that china has made a vault to become the third biggest winner of olympic gold medals is even harder to obliterate .
the facts about china 's reform and opening up and improvement of its people 's lives , including its human rights status , are there for all to see and have been universally acknowledged . the fact that china has made a vault to become the third biggest winner of olympic gold medals is even harder to obliterate .
" many of these are popular local items , and we are excited that hong kong athletes will have the opportunity in 2009 to compete on the home soil and in front of the home crowd in a major international multi - sport event in the region , " mr fok said .
in this case the problem is two - fold as good players will then seek out a school with a team , thus denying a team position to a potential player from that school . the current domestic competitive schedule of three yearly cup - style tournaments is taxing emotionally and physically for players .
bocog executive vice - president mr liu jingmin and secretary for home affairs and executive vice - president of the equestrian committee ( hong kong ) of the beijing organising committee for the games of the xxix olympiad , dr patrick ho , signed the document on behalf of bocog and hksarg respectively .
the organising committee of the yldsf 2002 has invited the guangxi autonomous municipality ethnic sports and arts group , the jiangsu gymnastics team , the jiangsu gymnastics and guizhou province taijiang county ethnic minority sports and arts group , and the jiangsu province synchronised swimming team as performing guests .
it is now ever more imperative that the spirit of freedom and tolerance , as exemplified by the very essence of the olympic ideal , be greatly disseminated through the planet ; for in these turbulent times following the abhorrent terrorist acts of 11 september , humanity should look to the idea of the olympic spirit and the olympic truce as an alternative to war , destruction and the assault on civilization , which is the goal of terrorism .
208. this congress approved the brighton declaration and produced a proclamation directed to the government , the sports organizations ( sports federations , olympic committee and confederation ) , the womens non-governmental organizations and the universities calling for the creation of an autonomous and structured organization . after the congress , the associao portuguesa a mulher e o desporto ( portuguese association woman and sport ) was established on 6 february 1998 .
however , if we really want to be world champion , we must understand how countries which are advanced with regard to basketball play the game and what techniques they use . if we do n't know how the us team plays , and if we do n't think about how the game might go if we play the united states in the olympics , it would be absolutely laughable .
however , if we really want to be world champion , we must understand how countries which are advanced with regard to basketball play the game and what techniques they use . if we do n't know how the us team plays , and if we do n't think about how the game might go if we play the united states in the olympics , it would be absolutely laughable .
the talk was held at a time when people on both sides of the strait were celebrating beijing 's success in the olympic bid and when the desire for a strong motherland and the rise of the nation formed a mighty current in the chinese people all over the world .
the talk was held at a time when people on both sides of the strait were celebrating beijing 's success in the olympic bid and when the desire for a strong motherland and the rise of the nation formed a mighty current in the chinese people all over the world .
people also saw that after the aircraft collision incident , the younger bush made a tough - worded speech and then ran into snags when dealing with china . he quietly made a phone call to the elder bush , and elder bush tried hard to make his son soften the position of the us government . the elder bush held that the us government should not try to obstruct beijing 's bid for hosting the olympic games and take this as a means of retaliation ;
china 's impending accession to the wto and the marvellous performance of china 's athletes in the olympics both signify the resolve and determination of the chinese people . through the application of continuing efforts in the past fifty years , the new china has made remarkable progress in the economic and social spheres , as well as in raising its national and international stature .
according to su langen , director of caac air traffic management bureau , starting from july 20 , the on - duty leaders and staff members will all be in place around the clock in the command centers of his bureau and seven regional air traffic management bureaus for the special period of july 20 september 20 , when the civil aviation air traffic control sector would provide support for the olympic games .
other sports facilities including indoor games halls / indoor recreation centres , tennis courts , squash courts , bowling greens and grass pitches / artificial grass pitches , as well as tuen mun recreation and sports centre will be closed on the first two days of lunar new year ( january 24 - 25 ) and re - open on january 26 .
working from hk 's economic and trade office in sydney , cip chung found himself welcoming more than officers to australia 's biggest city , helping the hk olympic team and senior government officials such as the then chief , financial and home affairs secretaries who were in town .
to be officiated by a top chinese leader , the torch lighting ceremony will be held outside the people 's great hall tomorrow ( september 11 ) at 10 am . after igniting the torch , the chinese leader will deliver it to the minister of state sports general administration , mr yuan weimin , who will then pass the torch to olympic weight - lifting gold medallist from guangdong province miss chen xiaomin , who will ignite the torches of all provinces , municipalities and organisations .
the organising committee of the yldsf 2002 has invited the guangxi autonomous municipality ethnic sports and arts group , the jiangsu gymnastics team , the jiangsu gymnastics and guizhou province taijiang county ethnic minority sports and arts group , and the jiangsu province synchronised swimming team as performing guests . they will perform in variety shows , gymnastics demonstrations as well as martial arts and synchronised swimming displays .
further to this , we firmly support the idea of the olympic truce , and appeal to the world community with a proposal to go even further and proclaim the whole period prior to the opening of the centennial olympics in atlanta a period of peace , and 1996 the year of the centennial olympics a year of sporting and not military competition .
pla paper 's army day editorial on army building according to ' three represents ' while we are still immersed in the great happiness of celebrating the 80 th cpc founding anniversary and beijing 's successful olympic bid , we have ushered in the 74 th founding anniversary of the chinese people 's liberation army .
lee tung shing points out that the fation internationale de natation amateure ( fina ) has changed the lowest age category in international swimming events from 10 to 11 - and - 12 to discourage adults from forcing kids to get deeply involved too soon . also , a child who chooses at an early age to concentrate on a particular sport inevitably misses out on chances to experience other sports .
competing athletes should each wear a tummy protector on the waist . the two then hold their heads against each end of a wooden stick . the game begins at the blow of the whistle . the rule of the game is somewhat similar to tug of war , in that whoever pushes the other side outside the line wins . the competition mainly relies on leg and waist strengths and strength control is essential .
aimed at instilling a positive value on sports into school children and arousing students ' interests in sports , the sport education programme , as part of the school sports programme , comprised a variety of promotional activities , including both theoretical studies and practical training , to cultivate a healthy sports atmosphere in schools .
perez indicated in his letter that beijing 's successful bid for the olympic games once again showed the international community 's recognition of the indisputable achievements the prc has scored in various spheres over the past 52 years since its founding . this success has showed to the world that china is a country loving peace , promoting stability , and working to constantly improve the living standards of its people , perez added in his letter .
q : many athletes from taiwan have been drawn away by the professional sports scenes in other countries . years ago , it happened in table tennis and golf , and now it is happening in baseball . as many athletes make it a goal to leave the country , what do you think about this phenomenon ?
china is an old country with an ancient civilization . it is revitalizing itself through the implementation of the reform and opening up policy . once this country really involves itself in olympic sports , she will more thoroughly and more profoundly understand such olympic mottoes as " faster , higher and stronger " , " participation is more important than winning " and " peace , friendship and progress " .
china is an old country with an ancient civilization . it is revitalizing itself through the implementation of the reform and opening up policy . once this country really involves itself in olympic sports , she will more thoroughly and more profoundly understand such olympic mottoes as " faster , higher and stronger , " " participation is more important than winning " and " peace , friendship and progress . "
recognizing the widespread nature of the practice of forced evictions and that when forced evictions are carried out they can occur in a variety of contexts including but not limited to conflicts over land rights , development and infrastructure projects , such as the construction of dams or other large_scale energy projects , land acquisition measures associated with urban renewal , housing renovation , city beautification programmes , the clearing of land for agricultural purposes or macro - urban projects , unbridled speculation in land , and the holding of major international events such as the olympic games ,
the olympic park station is the largest station of the olympic extension . the station 's theme is the water element . a variety of aquatic plants and animals are printed on the platform screen doors . the top of the station are dark blue aluminum boards with more than a thousand large and small white bubbles inlaid inside , which match the main water cube building in the surrounding area .
winner of a gold medal in the 1988 olympics for the demonstration sport of taekwondo and of this year 's world championships in the sport , chenyian , who turned 18 this year , started training when she was eight . since then her after - school hours have been used for training , and she has up to now " almost never watched night - time television programs . "
as we have made ourselves clear earlier that our aims of bidding to host the asian games are for the overall interests of hong kong , the improvement of our international image , the interests of the sports community of hong kong , encouraging our athletes and promoting our solidarity .
a group of renowned athletes including cheung yi nei ( fencing ) , fung ying ki ( wheel - chair fencing ) and liu hiu ying ( mountaineering ) , who have been selected school sports ambassadors , were on hand to meet them and shared with them their insights and experience on sports , as well as the training provided by hksi .
the degree of wild celebration and emotional reactions by the chinese both at home and abroad to beijing 's successful bid as seen on television and in news photos over the past several days is no less than those several major events since the founding of the people 's republic , say , the successful explosion of the atomic and hydrogen bombs , the launch of a satellite into space , and china winning the first olympic medal .
the degree of wild celebration and emotional reactions by the chinese both at home and abroad to beijing 's successful bid as seen on television and in news photos over the past several days is no less than those several major events since the founding of the people 's republic , say , the successful explosion of the atomic and hydrogen bombs , the launch of a satellite into space , and china winning the first olympic medal .
we cannot forget the work accomplished in 1994 , the centenary of the founding of the international olympic committee , to promote international understanding between the world 's young people through sport and culture , with a view to advancing humanity 's harmonious development . nor can we forget the effort to fulfil general assembly resolution 48/11 , which claims the olympic truce as a motor for mobilizing the world 's young people in favour of peace .
under the leadership of the party and with the support of all fronts , the vast numbers of athletes , coaches , scientific research and other working personnel on the sports front have made painstaking efforts and achieved remarkable results in improving the techniques of sports and in promoting the development of sports among the masses .
" the results of past investment in competitive athletics have greatly disappointed the people , " says wu lung - shan , the head of the ministry of education 's department of physical education and sports . with olympic failure , there has been a policy shift toward developing general physical fitness in the population .
in the spirit of olympic ethics , any form of discrimination racial , religious , political , linguistic or otherwise is totally excluded , and the fundamental principle of equality prevails . during the last three millenniums the greek people have remained wholeheartedly and deeply committed to the olympic ideal , founded on the noble principles of understanding , tolerance , solidarity and dignity .
issuing the invitation at a briefing session to cscs , the lcsd 's senior staff officer ( community sports ) , mr wells ho , said , " active cscs act as a breeding ground for hong kong 's outstanding athletes . they provide opportunities for young sport enthusiasts in the community to develop into our future sports stars .
over and above the preventive and largely educational duty which has become clear to all of sport and of the olympic movement to combat hatred , violence , racism and the conflicts that derive therefrom , the international olympic committee , international federations and , in particular , the national committees surely could help also to provide humanitarian assistance by cooperating closely with the united nations and the international committee of the red cross .
for example , the playing fields are far apart from one another -- a transportation and time problem for the athletes . the number of events necessitated night competitions , negatively affecting performance ability . overseas chinese competitors hoped that invitations could be sent earlier in the future , facilitating their preparations .
the successful economic reforms of the past 20 and more years have laid a good bedding for china 's steady and healthy economic development in the future . beijing 's successful olympic bid and china 's imminent accession to the world trade organization will also become new driving forces for china 's economic development .
the successful economic reforms of the past 20 and more years have laid a good bedding for china 's steady and healthy economic development in the future . beijing 's successful olympic bid and china 's imminent accession to the world trade organization will also become new driving forces for china 's economic development .
( a ) whether there will be changes to the procedure of selecting local athletes for participation in international sports competitions , which organization is responsible for the selection and why is that organization assigned the responsibility ; and ( b ) what criteria are adopted in selecting local athletes for international sports competitions , how to ensure that such selection will not be affected by personal preferences , and whether the selection criteria will be subject to review ?
quite frankly , it is one which we believe no country could oppose promoting international understanding through sport and culture ; advocating active support for the concept of the olympic truce ; underscoring the importance of youth ; and linking the olympic ideal to those of the charter , which all united nations members have pledged to pursue independently and collectively .
the san francisco olympic torch relay will begin at mccovey cove . eighty torchbearers will follow a nearly 10 - mile route along the coast , passing through several landmark attractions including the bay bridge and the fisherman 's wharf , and finally reaching the destination at the justin herman plaza .
one month before the opening of the olympics , the " falungong " cult started circulating news through the internet about holding a large rally for " comparing notes " around the time of the opening of the olympics and urging diehard cult members in australia and other countries and regions to go to sydney at the appointed time .
since the midair collision , people of all circles in both countries have been greatly concerned over developments , and worried that the sino - us impasse may affect their relationship in other respects , including sino - us trade , china 's accession to the world trade organization , beijing 's bid to stage the 2008 olympics , and cross - strait relations , and so on .
we will be doing our utmost to ensure that the games represent the values and the ideals not only of australia a country which i believe is known for its egalitarianism , for the friendliness of its peoples and for its commitment to a fair go for all and of the international olympic committee , but also of the united nations .
in her capacity as chairman of the asian games bid committee , she was accompanied at the meeting with sheikh ahmad al - fahad al - sabah by bid committee vice-chairman , mr timothy fok ; secretary for home affairs , mr w . k . lam and the hon . secretary - general of the sports federation and olympics committee of hong kong , china , mr pang chung .
since the midair collision , people of all circles in both countries have been greatly concerned over developments , and worried that the sino - us impasse may affect their relationship in other respects , including sino - us trade , china 's accession to the world trade organization , beijing 's bid to stage the 2008 olympics , and cross - strait relations , and so on .
madam president , i support building a large stadium and the bidding for hosting the 2006 asian games . as an international metropolis , hong kong enjoys international status in respect of finance , information and trade , but it is unremarkable in respect of sports . this does not match hong kong 's status and function as a big city .
in fact , there is a very close link between the objectives of the united nations and the olympic movement , which was the first organization to voice concern over the policy of apartheid in the 1950s and which decided to suspend and isolate south africa from membership in 1970 , a decision which was not revoked until a non-racialist olympic committee was set up in south africa .
furthermore , competition gives children the chance to fulfill the desire to perform . skating instructor lin jaw - fan says skating is a performing art . competitors must use their skating skills to interpret a piece of music . they could , for example , turn it into a ballet , a modern jazz dance , an aerobic dance rhythm , or a folk dance .
the original motion and the amendment today , if allowed to form a complementary partnership , will enable us to set down a goal for perfecting our sports policy . besides , with the impetus provided by the hosting of the asian games , we will be able to lay down a specific schedule of progress for individual kinds of sports .
under the leadership of the party and with the support of all fronts , the vast numbers of athletes , coaches , scientific research and other working personnel on the sports front have made painstaking efforts and achieved remarkable results in improving the techniques of sports and in promoting the development of sports among the masses .
under the leadership of the party and with the support of all fronts , the vast numbers of athletes , coaches , scientific research and other working personnel on the sports front have made painstaking efforts and achieved remarkable results in improving the techniques of sports and in promoting the development of sports among the masses .
did not baron de coubertin aware as he was of the immense potential contribution of africa to the olympic movement and the necessity to open up sport as a universal language and a permanent school of life to the colonized people of africa advocated unsuccessfully the organization in 1928 of african games at algiers , which were not held until half a century later in 1978 , bringing together the countries of the continent which were finally free .
( b ) any tennis court in any public pleasure ground , any facilities provided under the provisions of section 107 for physical or other recreation or any other part of any public pleasure ground , other than a playing field or playing pitch demarcated under the provisions of that section for the conduct of organized games and sports .
in addition , through its national sports policy , the government of jamaica emphasizes the provision of competition - level and community playing fields and facilities ; assistance to increase significantly the level of participation in selected sports in schools and at the community level ; and the encouragement of greater private - sector sponsorship of competition - level sports and in assisting national representation at international events .
these athletes are great competitors , but the scale of the domestic market is too small to support so many athletes , so for them to go abroad is an inevitable trend . when their skills improve , it can have a positive effect on athletes here in taiwan and help take the abilities of people here to a higher level .
the chairman of the bid committee , sf & oc president timothy fok , who presented hong kong 's case before the east asian games association council yesterday ( november 2 ) , said that the whole process of organising and the games would be a strong galvanizing force in our community , a boost to the economy and an opportunity to revitalise hong kong 's position as an international city .
reporter hepu li learned from the external liaison department of the organizing committee of the sixth far east and south pacific region handicapped sports meet : up till tonight , delegations from 31 countries and regions participating in the sports meet this time have already arrived in beijing and moved into the athlete 's village .
according to the press conference briefing , all the countries and regions are now eagerly requesting beijing olympics ticket service . at present , 185 countries and regions have already brought forth ticketing service requests , but the olympic organizing committee has only heard that there are countries and regions requesting additional tickets and have not yet heard any news of requests to refund tickets .
" entering into its seventh year , the masters games has been very popular among members of the public , as reflected in the large number of athletes attending the opening ceremony today . this also proves that the efforts made by the two councils in promoting the sport - for - all concepts are highly supported and recognised by the community , " he said .
there are a host of talented weightlifters around the world , and a new star can crop up at any competition . one day you 're on top , and pretty soon people are catching up . " ts ' ai was well aware that time is merciless toward an athlete nearing thirty .
perez indicated in his letter that beijing 's successful bid for the olympic games once again showed the international community 's recognition of the indisputable achievements the prc has scored in various spheres over the past 52 years since its founding . this success has showed to the world that china is a country loving peace , promoting stability , and working to constantly improve the living standards of its people , perez added in his letter .
pro rc recreation and sports select committee chairman , mr chan ping , said , " since 1993 , the two municipal councils have been joining hands to provide various recreational and sports activities with competition opportunities for people aged 35 or above so as to encourage them to keep up their interest in sports . "
" since 1993 , the two municipal councils have been joining hands to promote sport for all by providing various recreational and sports activities with competition opportunities for people aged 35 or above so as to encourage them to keep up their interest in sports , " pro rc recreation and sports select committee chairman , mr chan ping , said .
however , before committing to a firm expression of support for the sf & oc 's bid , it was necessary for us to take a more detailed look at a number of related issues . most important of these were the suitability of our sports facilities and the potential cost to the tax - payer for hosting the games .
( ii ) discourage the public from participating in sports competitions and affect the standards of play and selection of local athletes , thereby undermining hong kong 's reputation in the international sports arena ; ( c ) if the lcsd has not changed its practice , of the reasons for not adhering to this practice in approving the venue application in respect of the above - mentioned basketball competition ; and
the flg 's goal of launching the " human rights sacred flame " is not to talk about human rights , since anyways " human rights " is hard to connect with " sacred flame , " but their goal in starting the " human rights sacred flame " action is to destroy the beijing olympics , to request credits to the boss .
speaking at the kick - off ceremony for the " asian games forest " tree planting day at the hong kong international airport , mrs chan said : " it is very encouraging to see more than 1,000 young people , community leaders and guests supporting and taking part in this very meaningful activity by planting more than 10,000 trees in the ' asian games forest ' .
yesterday , dujkovic , the commander - in - chief of the national olympic team , openly rebutted the " weak team talk " of the outsiders . he said that the main purpose of this training is for him to get familiarized with the players and for the players to get familiarized among themselves .
under " one country , two systems , " though the systems are different , the honor or disgrace of the country and the vicissitudes of the nation are felt with equal intensity . the people of hong kong take heart in beijing 's successful olympic bid , the country 's further prosperity and flourishing , and the greater development of sports undertakings .
one month before the opening of the olympics , the " falungong " cult started circulating news through the internet about holding a large rally for " comparing notes " around the time of the opening of the olympics and urging diehard cult members in australia and other countries and regions to go to sydney at the appointed time .
one month before the opening of the olympics , the " falungong " cult started circulating news through the internet about holding a large rally for " comparing notes " around the time of the opening of the olympics and urging diehard cult members in australia and other countries and regions to go to sydney at the appointed time .
personally , i think that the hosting of the asian games will have many invisible benefits , such as strengthening the government 's sports policy and improving our sports facilities and the standard of local sports . it would correct hong kong people 's mentality which has always stressed money - making and neglected sports and enhance hong kong 's status as a centre of international events . it would also help to raise morale , increase solidarity and enhance people 's sense of belonging to hong kong .
by including in the general assembly 's agenda discussion by the assembly on building a peaceful and better world through sport and the olympic ideal , we confirm that all countries have a great capacity for mobilizing collective efforts in sport to advance the harmonious development of humankind .
tang yao - ming said : communist china 's win in the 2008 olympics bid sympobizes the spirit of " peace , " so some taiwan people think that communist china will maintain the image of peace and human rights . as a result , they think that there will be no war in the taiwan strait in the coming seven years .
beginning with its economic re-forms and subsequent opening up to the world , the rush to study english in mainland china has hit a fever pitch . the recent awarding of the 2008 olympic games only added to the rush . however , in the midst of all these dreams of becoming part of the global village , another sector of society is taking a different tack . in an effort to return to their cultural roots , some people have started a movement pushing for children to study classical texts , and they are attracting a lot of attention .
first , dual training should be considered as drills for basic techniques . second , the mental qualities of team members should be heightened . certain extreme training methods should be attempted to enable athletes to have the ability to conquer extreme fear so they will fight to survive in the competitions . third , coaches of overseas strong teams such as russia should be invited to pass on their valuable experiences to improve the standard of domestic coaches .
it is one thing to have a range of good quality facilities which meet the recreational and sporting needs of the community . however , it is another thing entirely to provide venues of the nature , variety and calibre required for the hosting of full - scale events such as the asian games .
li lanqing reiterated that we will absolutely not allow anyone to take advantage of sports to propagate feudalism and superstition , spread false theories and heretical ideas , and conduct various kinds of pseudoscientific and anti-scientific activities , nor will we allow anyone to engage in gambling that pollutes the social atmosphere under the signboard of holding sports games , and deceptively win honors by using stimulant and other means in violation of athletic morality .
many athletes do not have adequate dedication which could be due to financial reasons or little career prospect in sports and recreation or lack of emphasis on sports and recreation in our education system . the council for recreation and sport has set up a working party to study the question of sports within our education system and a committee on the establishment of sports aid foundation to resolve some of the financial problems .
regarding the organization and the direction of the olympic movement , a pivotal role is being played by his excellency mr. juan antonio samaranch , who , through his policy of engaging in personal contacts and through the prestige which he enjoys throughout the world , within the most varied of political and diplomatic circles , has succeeded in making the olympic movement an interlocutor of the most representative and the largest world forum , the united nations .
the principal agencies currently providing sport services in hong kong are the sdb , the leisure and cultural services department ( lcsd ) and the sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong , china ( sf & oc ) . indeed , there are problems of overlapping of duties , unclear division of labour and sectarianism .
taiwan president comments on x - strait situation assessed the decision - making stratum has estimated that as the cpc will face problems caused by the new us government , wto entry , power handover , and bid for 2008 olympic games in the coming year , there will not be too big a change in the cross - strait situation .
we still need to improve our environmental quality during a time of steady economic growth , and meet the demands of the olympics committee ; we have to ensure an unimpeded flow of traffic in a situation where the number of vehicles is constantly increasing ; and we need to have even more people master foreign languages , in order to satisfy the language links demanded by a large - scale world competition .
from talks by chen shui - bian and annette lu , we can see that the chen shui - bian administration holds a " hopeful " attitude toward beijing 's bid for sponsoring the 2008 olympic games . the decision - making top level has apparently taken this matter into study on its strategic benefits to maintaining security in the taiwan strait and promoting peace between the two sides . the more important thing is that it will be a key to push china into the international community and continue its line of opening up to the outside world .
the san francisco olympic torch relay will set out from the wharf of china basin park , with eighty torchbearers to follow the coastline for a distance of nearly 10 kilometers . en route the torch will pass the bay bridge , fisherman 's wharf and many more landmark attractions , finally reaching its destination of herman plaza .
depending on the circumstances and requirements of each individual sport , the amateur sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong may lay down additional considerations in consultation with the parties concerned , such as the minimum performance standard required in keeping with the known standards of other participating countries or territories , the training programmes expected , the results of medical fitness tests , and the size of the contingent for the sport .
in addition to the torchbearers , related staff of both china and turkey and local college student volunteers also attended the meeting . staff members of the chinese olympic torch relay center explained in detail about the matters of attention to the torchbearers , and did a live demonstration of how to pass the torch .
these are some of the reasons that justify a rapprochement between governments and the national olympic committees , and , moreover , that between the united nations and the international olympic committee , with the objective of achieving democratic societies made up of citizens who are active in their defence of close and lasting human relations .
we still need to improve our environmental quality during a time of steady economic growth , and meet the demands of the olympics committee ; we have to ensure an unimpeded flow of traffic in a situation where the number of vehicles is constantly increasing ; and we need to have even more people master foreign languages , in order to satisfy the language links demanded by a large - scale world competition .
hong kong is a tiny little place with a large population and land is precious . however , in sports activities , a lot of space is required for athletes to do their drills . moreover , various historical factors have also imposed certain constraints on efforts by various sectors of society to promote a sporting culture and various sports , so that the training and development of local athletes have been suppressed for a long time .
li lanqing reiterated that we will absolutely not allow anyone to take advantage of sports to propagate feudalism and superstition , spread false theories and heretical ideas , and conduct various kinds of pseudoscientific and anti-scientific activities , nor will we allow anyone to engage in gambling that pollutes the social atmosphere under the signboard of holding sports games , and deceptively win honors by using stimulant and other means in violation of athletic morality .
once , 20 years ago , tsai was chosen to represent the r . o . c . in the pole vault in an international meet in the philippines . suffering unexpected defeat , he did n't win a medal . instead , he looked on as the winning foreign athletes proudly watched their national flags rise . "
government 's early expression of encouragement for the idea of hosting the games was based on the view that such an undertaking would be likely to bring positive international exposure for hong kong , as well as helping to boost the further development of sport in the sar .
spurred on by the prospect of competing in the olympics , the candidates on the list battled for the top positions . even some candidates who were not on the list did not give up on their chances , hoping to gain the favor of the selection committee at the last minute .
recently , in some football matches in asia , the hong kong national team has lost in one match 0 to 5 and another 0 to 6 . in two matches , it has lost a total of 11 scores . some members of the hong kong national team have been involved in " match fixing " in some international matches . these have all disappointed and brought shame to many local football fans who are at the same time disheartened .
" other events have three training periods a day -- we have four , " says chin chiu - yueh . most of her fellow athletes at the tsoying training center have training sessions in the early morning , the morning and the afternoon . archers are required to train at night as well .
on the academic , scientific research and athletic fronts , our achievements were no less impressive . last year , six hong kong scholars were awarded membership of the chinese academy of sciences , with the youngest coming from hong kong . with the full support of the community and effective training , our sportsmen have won many medals in recent international competitions and in the 9th national games last year .
take the reactions of beijing college students when they learned beijing was awarded the right to host the 2008 olympic games at the millennium dome and in front of the tiananmen square for instance . their agitation , their expression of jubilation , their unique youthful way of leaping up for joy , and their way of flashing v - signs were entirely heartfelt and genuine , which absolutely could not be directed and " staged " by anyone beforehand .
it will be a visible daily reminder of the shared ideals of the united nations and of the international olympic committee , something that will reaffirm visibly , simply and directly the importance of the united nations and the commitment of all participants in the olympics not just to sport and the ideal of sporting prowess , but to the promotion of international cooperation .
in group ~ e , the italian team beat the czech team 2-0 , bringing to an end the czech republic 's world cup tour . the us team , which broke through to the quarter - finals in the last world cup , unfortunately lost by 1-2 to the ghanaian team , er , a debutant in the world cup , and also regretfully bid farewell to this world cup .
from now on until january next year , a total of 12 sports competitions including angling , archery , badminton , 3 - on - 3 basketball , distance run , lawn bowls , squash , swimming , table tennis , tennis , tenpin bowling as well as tai chi chuen / sword are to be held in the two municipal councils ' venues throughout the territory .
li lanqing reiterated that we will absolutely not allow anyone to take advantage of sports to propagate feudalism and superstition , spread false theories and heretical ideas , and conduct various kinds of pseudoscientific and anti - scientific activities , nor will we allow anyone to engage in gambling that pollutes the social atmosphere under the signboard of holding sports games , and deceptively win honors by using stimulant and other means in violation of athletic morality .
we also see the role of sport and education in the universal olympic ideal as an important element in the development of the country , which is in a specific phase of political , social and economic change and is opening up to the world and different communities .
however , to be quite honest , there is still a distance between olympic standards and those of taiwan . many novices and enthusiasts do not view sailboating with a competitive eye ; therefore , they have no special skills in navigation , nor are they familiar with astronomy or navigational equipment .
following its accession to the world trade organization , the mainland will further intensify its reforms , open up its market and take part in the competition of the world market ; this will lead to changes in the functions of the government . all this , together with the hosting of the olympic games , its application for organizing the world expo and the massive development of its western provinces , will definitely bring forth more business opportunities for various trades and industries in hong kong and lead the asia - pacific region in its economic recovery .
the united nations , also inspired by the greek traditions on ekecheiria , has unanimously decided to proclaim 1994 as international year of sport and the olympic ideal and to call upon all belligerents to respect the olympic truce - ekecheiria , the observance of which undoubtedly constitutes an invaluable contribution of us all to peace , dialogue , understanding and the quest for permanent and lasting solutions to international disputes .
up to now , china leads the five team field with three straight wins , frankwell ranked second with two wins and one defeat , energy got two wins and two losses from the four preliminary matches , seapower had one win against two defeats , while south korea lost all the three matches
for that reason , we also welcome the ioc 's policy of olympic solidarity and are developing a national bilateral and multilateral cooperation strategy through the conference of ministers of youth and sports of french - speaking countries , of which 43 francophone countries , mostly from the south , are current members .
however , with the world-renowned high efficiency of hong kong people , i am sure that six years will be sufficient for them to construct new sports facilities and improve existing ones . that is why the liberal party agrees that it is feasible for hong kong to bid for the hosting of the 2006 asian games .
during the first anniversary of his inauguration and during his visit to central america , he put forward a " new five no 's policy " in addition , he expressed support of the granting of the pntr status to the chinese communists by the united states and he favored beijing 's bid to host the 2008 olympic games . all of this shows that his attitude toward cross - strait relations has not changed .
the panel thinks that the administration and the major sports organizations should further improve the arrangement in respect of the allocation of resources and venues to ensure that public funds are used effectively and that the development of elite athletes and the promotion of sports can proceed together at the same time .
since the team won the championship quite a few years running , this team has been studied at length by competitors who hope to improve . with the gap between the bayi men 's basketball team and its competitors continuously narrowing , what did the team rely on to maintain its reign as champion ?
from talks by chen shui - bian and annette lu , we can see that the chen shui - bian administration holds a " hopeful " attitude toward beijing 's bid for sponsoring the 2008 olympic games . the decision - making top level has apparently taken this matter into study on its strategic benefits to maintaining security in the taiwan strait and promoting peace between the two sides . the more important thing is that it will be a key to push china [ zhong guo ] into the international community and continue its line of opening up to the outside world .
60% of all files to be submitted for superior athletes above second admission line for undergraduates . for athletes whose art scores reach the control admission line for the second - batch undergraduates , 60% of their files will be submitted according to their intentions by the institute of recruit and examination of the province .
that is the true free trade of the future ; and the day it is introduced ... the cause of peace will have received a new and strong ally ... so that together we may attempt to realize , upon a basis suitable to the conditions of our modern life , the splendid and beneficent task of reviving the olympic games . "
from talks by chen shui - bian and annette lu , we can see that the chen shui - bian administration holds a " hopeful " attitude toward beijing 's bid for sponsoring the 2008 olympic games . the decision - making top level has apparently taken this matter into study on its strategic benefits to maintaining security in the taiwan strait and promoting peace between the two sides . the more important thing is that it will be a key to push china [ zhong guo ] into the international community and continue its line of opening up to
the two sides have held two ministerial - level meetings and red cross talks , one special envoy visit , and foreign ministerial talks ; at the same time they have organized mutual visits of people seeking lost relatives , and overlapping tourism at ( baitou ) and ( hanna ) mountains ; and the rok and dprk delegations marched into the stadium together at the opening ceremony of the sydney olympics .
the outside world generally expresses concern about ronaldinho 's state . dunga casts his vote of confidence resolutely . he said , " obviously , the media has exaggerated ronaldiniho 's weight problem . he has just gained a few kilograms . i think he will lose weight soon , and become the shiniest star in the beijing olympics . "
in addition to the above appointments , two public officers , the secretary for home affairs and the director of leisure and cultural services , have been appointed to the board for the coming term . the president of the sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong , china ( sf & oc ) and one additional representative of the sf & oc , are ex-officio members of the board .
chinese people may still be at a disadvantage compared to westerners in their physical build and athletic environment , but the r . o . c . athletes preparing to compete in the seoul olympics all hope that at the final juncture they can tune their physical and mental capabilities to the highest pitch .
i thought , at that time , i thought that i , oh , ran well this time so finishing in 13 seconds was , % pw , hopeful , finishing in 13 seconds was hopeful . once the " 12.91 seconds " was shown , i first looked at the big screen , which showed " 12 , 12.94 seconds " . i thought , " wow , i broke the olympic record . "
although traditionally among the world 's top five baseball powers , taiwan has gone into a tailspin in international competition in recent years . following this year 's setback , intense discussion in taiwan once again focused on what went wrong and how to address the sagging development of baseball in taiwan . despite these minor disappointments , the chinese taipei delegation far out - performed all of its predecessors at the asian games and olympics , prompting national sports council ( nsc ) chairperson chao li - yun to give the team a perfect score in her assessment .
led by their team leader , chen huoxiang , and coach , gu bo , the four wushu experts were chen min , 1999 and 2000 chinese national wushu competitions silver medallist ( various items ) ; mao yaqi , 2000 chinese national wushu competition silver medallist ( various items ) and 2000 chinese national wushu championships silver medallist ( cudgelplay ) ; lu yixin , 2000 chinese national wushu competitions bronze medallist ( groups ) and xu lei , 2000 chinese nationals wushu youth competitions gold medallist ( set sparring ) and silver medallist ( groups ) .
the two sides should have more sports exchanges from now on . he said : table tennis is very popular in penghu , which has produced good players like chiang p ' eng - lung . i hope that we can strengthen exchanges with the sportsmen of our mainland motherland in such events as table tennis , diving , and sailboarding .
with creative and attractive stamps issued to commemorate major events in the new millennium such as the new millennium , hong kong museums and libraries and 2000 olympic games , the 2000 prestige annual stamp album and the 2000 annual stamp pack are valuable collectibles as well as ideal gifts for business partners , relatives and friends .
a member of the hong kong five - man bowling team which won a silver medal at the 4 th eag in macau , wu siu - hong , together with lui chor - wai and cheng kam - hing , both members of the hong kong basketball team , described their experiences as dedicated athletes .
yang jiechi said : " we thank the peoples of various countries in the world for their support to us . we also thank the people of the united states and people of insight in various circles for their understanding and support . we are very grateful for the enormous contributions made by the overseas chinese organizations , people of chinese origin , and chinese students in washington , d . c . , and elsewhere in the united states toward beijing 's successful bid to host the olympics games . "
during the first anniversary of his inauguration and during his visit to central america , he put forward a " new five no 's policy " . in addition , he expressed support of the granting of the pntr status to the chinese communists by the united states and he favored beijing 's bid to host the 2008 olympic games . all of this shows that his attitude toward cross - strait relations has not changed .
tang yao - ming said : communist china 's win in the 2008 olympics bid sympobizes the spirit of " peace , " so some taiwan people think that communist china will maintain the image of peace and human rights . as a result , they think that there will be no war in the taiwan strait in the coming seven years .
according to information received by the public security departments , however , due to the impact of a succession of articles recently published on the internet by " falungong 's " founder li hongzhi , the authorities judge that it is very likely that " falungong " activities may liven up again during the period from the party 's 80th anniversary on 1 july to 13 july , when the international olympic committee announces the host city for the 2008 olympics .
the nation is astir and the people are mad with joy over beijing 's successful olympic bid . this good news has fueled the patriotic fervor of the chinese people , and the rallying force of the chinese nation is strong like never before . this is bound to evolve into a huge force for the rejuvenation of china .
swimming and wheelchair sports are the most beneficial to the cardio - vascular system . from administering rehabilitation therapy to promoting activities for the handicapped , the chen - hsing rehabilitation medical center has , under the leadership of wu er - mo and others , become the home camp of paralympic athletics and the cradle of top athletes . moreover , last march the center established the " wu shu wheelchair club " to prepare athletes interested in training for wheelchair competition .
the excitement heightened when the students were given a chance to play a quiz game with the chinese athletes and to receive prizes from and take pictures with them . assisted by the hong kong badminton association , the visit was one of the sport demonstration series under the sport education programme which forms part of the school sports programme jointly organised by the lcsd and the education department and is aimed at promoting students ' interests in sports at an early stage .
hislop , the goalkeeper for trinidad and tobago , played with what can be described as magic for the whole match . he made the right judgments , moved with agility , and several times flew across the goal with success . he fully deserves the title of best player of the match .
for the past three years , the forshang cup chinese chess world championship has been a major landmark in the lives of competitive chinese chess players throughout the world . this tournament , which is sponsored by the forshang world foundation , gives the players a chance to test their mettle once a year against the world 's top competition .
since the high - sounding withdrawal from the semifinals in the british premier league snooker competitions to represent china to compete in the doha asian games to the failure to defend his title in the uk championship that followed right after , competing fiercely in nine competitions that stretched over two continents in 20 days had exhausted ding junhui both physically and mentally .
the two sides have held two ministerial - level meetings and red cross talks , one special envoy visit , and foreign ministerial talks ; at the same time they have organized mutual visits of people seeking lost relatives , and overlapping tourism at ( baitou ) and ( hanna ) mountains ; and the rok and dprk delegations marched into the stadium together at the opening ceremony of the sydney olympics .
from now on until january next year , a total of 12 sports competitions including angling , archery , badminton , 3 - on - 3 basketball , distance run , lawn bowls , squash , swimming , table tennis , tennis , tenpin bowling as well as tai chi chuen / sword are to be held in the two municipal councils ' venues throughout the territory .
gerrard said this , now is very -- this match % pw because the weather was too hot , um , a lot of players ' feet were blistered , and fortunately , that is to say , the next two or three matches for england were all held at , er , dusk and night - night time .
since the team won the championship quite a few years running , this team has been studied at length by competitors who hope to improve . with the gap between the bayi men 's basketball team and its competitors continuously narrowing , what did the team rely on to maintain its reign as champion ?
yang jiechi said : " we thank the peoples of various countries in the world for their support to us . we also thank the people of the united states and people of insight in various circles for their understanding and support . we are very grateful for the enormous contributions made by the overseas chinese organizations , people of chinese origin , and chinese students in washington , d . c . , and elsewhere in the united states toward beijing 's successful bid to host the olympics games . "
other members of the delegation include the deputy secretary for home affairs and the deputy head of the asian games bid team , mrs maureen chan ; the secretary general of sf & oc , mr pang chung ; the vice president of sf & oc , mrs vivien fung ; and the deputy secretary of sf & oc , mr ronnie wong .
we are now considering developing west kowloon into a tourism , culture and recreation , and arts centre . should we succeed in bidding for the 2006 asian games , can we continue to make reference to the development edge enjoyed by others in developing west kowloon in future to prevent it from suffering losses after the asian games and instead become a generally recognized world-class tourist area ?
the nation is astir and the people are mad with joy over beijing 's successful olympic bid . this good news has fueled the patriotic fervor of the chinese people , and the rallying force of the chinese nation is strong like never before . this is bound to evolve into a huge force for the rejuvenation of china .
in april 2001 , the leisure and cultural services department ( lcsd ) took over from the hong kong sports development board ( sdb ) the community sports clubs ( csc ) movement , which aims to assist national sports associations ( nsas ) to establish cscs so as to promote sports at the community level .
among popular numbers , they are divided according to different methods into categories such as five - digit popular numbers , six - digit popular numbers ; seven - digit popular numbers , eight - digit popular numbers , nine - digit popular numbers , elite popular numbers , super popular numbers , graded popular numbers , popular cell phone numbers , olympic popular numbers , annual popular numbers , and birthday popular numbers .
according to information received by the public security departments , however , due to the impact of a succession of articles recently published on the internet by " falungong 's " founder li hongzhi , the authorities judge that it is very likely that " falungong " activities may liven up again during the period from the party 's 80th anniversary on 1 july to 13 july , when the international olympic committee announces the host city for the 2008 olympics .
members should be aware that in putting herself forward as a potential host for the 2000 olympic games china released wei on parole at the end of 1993 , several months before he had fully served his term . of course , wei continued to be under the surveillance of the public security authorities . but once wei 's value as a bargaining chip was exhausted , the chinese government locked him up again and deprived him of his basic human rights and freedom .
why do the government and the hkta run the risk of leaving a bad impression on foreign visitors and athletes by holding international boating and dragon boat races on the e coli - infested and smelly shing mun river instead of making good use of some other world-renowned bays ?
people in the world were happy and relieved when they saw dprk president kim chong - il and visiting rok president kim tae - chung shaking hands and exchanging greetings to each other on the red carpet in june this year and the emotional reunion of people separated due to the war , and when athletes of the dprk and the rok entered the olympic stadium side by side in september this year .
according to the bbc reports , smith said : " i do n't think we really know the answer to that at the moment , because we 'll need to know much more about what happened and did not happen in relation to the sydney decision for the olympics next year "
it consists of an indoor heated olympic size main pool cum diving pool and the outdoor facilities . this is the first local solar heated indoor swimming pool of the pro rc and the water depth of half of the pool can be adjusted from 0 to 5 metres when necessary .
the two sides should have more sports exchanges from now on . he said : table tennis is very popular in penghu , which has produced good players like chiang p ' eng - lung . i hope that we can strengthen exchanges with the sportsmen of our mainland motherland in such events as table tennis , diving , and sailboarding .
the bronze medal winner of the 14th asian games busan 2002 ladies ' badminton team , ms ling wan - ting ; the hong kong men 's top squash player no .2 , mr wong wai - hang ; as well as mr brian hung and mr yu hiu - tung who are currently ranked no .1 and no .2 respectively among all under 18 junior tennis players in hong kong have shown their support to the charity sale by donating their own rackets at the press conference today .
the chinese taipei team was the 181st to enter , with the male athletes wearing dark blue jackets and gray pants , while the female athletes wore light blue suits . chen chih - yuan , with a shock of dyed blond hair and sporting whiskers , served as flag bearer , drawing loads of attention from the crowd as he paraded through the stadium . bringing up the rear was baseball power hitter chang tai - shan .
next year 's champion , accompanied by the previous champions , will head to lausanne , switzerland , home of the olympic headquarters , to hold a demonstration competition . this event will be an important step in efforts to have chinese chess accepted as an olympic event . due to the efforts of dedicated individuals , and the spread of chinese people around the world , chinese chess - this " brain teaser " long enjoyed by the ordinary people of china - has , in the same way as tang dynasty chinese chess did , begun to spread to other lands .
it is said that hosting the asian games will benefit certain people , it is a move to repay a political debt and an act to return favour . it is extremely unfair to executive council members who have taken part in making the decision . i have also expressed my views on the bid for hosting the asian games and stated the advantages and starting points .
people in the world were happy and relieved when they saw dprk president kim chong - il and visiting rok president kim tae - chung shaking hands and exchanging greetings to each other on the red carpet in june this year and the emotional reunion of people separated due to the war , and when athletes of the dprk and the rok entered the olympic stadium side by side in september this year .
he pointed out that between now and the end of 2006 , the government will invest about $ 190 million to carry out over 120 rural public works and urban minor works projects , accelerate the building of a number of municipal works projects , advance maintenance works to 30 community halls and centres , and carry out projects associated with preparations for the 2008 olympic equestrian events .
( a ) as mr ip kwok - him has said , hong kong athletes should pursue outstanding performance in large - scale international competitions , give play to sportsmanship so that all hong kong people will take it as an honour and the youth will model on them ; ( b ) we hope that all hong kong people can regularly participate in sports to build up a strong physique and to give play to the team spirit ; and ( c ) to hold more large - scale international sports events to promote people 's interest in sports and generate tourism and other business proceeds .
i do n't want the baseball team to go through four years of regretting how close they came , " the team 's manager , lin chia - hsiang , says with eyes flashing . " i want the r . o . c . team in this year 's olympics to be fierce as lions . "
at last year 's asian games in peking , sprinter wang hui - chen won two silvers ; women weight lifters ni chia - pin and chen shu - chih each garnered silvers ; and a squad of women archers , composed of chin chiu - yueh , lai fang - mei and lin pi - yu ( the golden triangle ) , also won a silver .
after the success in the second step , our image and credit will thus be strengthened , and the prejudice against china will also be reduced , and such a link will then be shown in the third step : promote the beijing olympics , and let the world understand china more !
our concern at the moment is that once hong kong has submitted the letter of intent , hong kong will be seen in the eyes of the world media as a region that intends to or is very eager to bid for the right to host the asian games .
" i am sure the olympic council of asia will be looking for total commitment for the ability to deliver and , at the end of the day , for the sportsmanship to be raised across the whole asian region and for a good time to be had by all .
the training scheme on football is co-organised by the provisional regional council ( pro rc ) and the hong kong football association . four other popular sports , namely , basketball , table tennis , badminton and swimming , are also included in the pro rc 's young athlete training scheme in which young athletes will receive phased training for three years .
in our discussions about sports policy , these venues are regarded as sports venues , but in our discussions about cultural policies , they are regarded as venues for cultural activities . as a result , these venues do not fully meet the requirements of sports or the professional requirements of cultural activities .
the four players were the champion in men 's team in the 2001 world table tennis championships , kong linghui and liu guoliang ; the champions in women 's team and women 's doubles in the 2001 world table tennis championships , li ju ; and the second runner - up in women 's doubles in the 2001 world table tennis championships , zhang yingying . they were led by the coach of the chinese table tennis team , mr cai zhenhua , and the head of the team , mr huang biao . local counterparts who have joined in the demonstration include leung chu - yan , cheung yuk , wong ching and song ah - sim .
apart from conventional types of sports in my youth , such as football , table - tennis , badminton , track and field events and swimming , with advances in society and china 's achievements in international competitions , the types of sports have become increasingly diversified in recent years . with the active participation and support of members of the public , various nsas have been established , leading to an unlimited expansion in resources required by the administrative structure of sports . therefore , it is timely and appropriate to propose a review on sports policy .
the main thrust of the two draft resolutions is to support the efforts deployed by the olympic movement towards building a better and peaceful world by educating and mobilizing the youth of the world through sport and culture with a view to promoting international understanding between the young in consonance with the principles and purposes of the united nations charter .
while shi zhihao was commentating about guo yue before the olympics , he said , " from the time she won the women 's single in zagreb until now , she has won two champions in open matches , the latest one was in korea . this may have realized one recent desire of hers .
" olympic ability is a rare gift , but simple physical fitness should n't be , " says chang hsun - cheng , the principal of yingchiao junior high . to encourage student participation in sport , basketballs and badminton shuttlecocks are left out on the courts on the school 's athletic field , and can be used by any enrolled student .
action in this regard by the united nations children \ x { e5b8 } fund in afghanistan to work with the warring parties to observe a truce during the 1996 olympics so that children could be vaccinated should be only the beginning of many such initiatives by the united nations and the olympic movement .
moving the second reading of the bill in the legislative council meeting today , the secretary for home affairs , dr patrick ho , said that the proposed administrative structure marked an important milestone for sports development in hong kong , which would be instrumental in realising the new visions for sport , including sports for all , sports excellence and turning hong kong into a sports events capital .
the postmaster general , mr luk ping - chuen , announced today ( june 19 ) that as a number of post offices will serve as polling stations for the legislative council election on september 10 , the " 2000 olympic games " special stamp issue , which was originally scheduled for issue on september 10 , is now advanced to august 27 ( sunday ) .
as a first step , and also as a response to the community 's request for reforms on the sporting and recreational fronts , the government should make the asian games bid its target and expeditiously consider setting up a special department for it . this special department should take change of formulating a comprehensive long - term policy on sports , making plans for the provision of large scale multi-purpose sports facilities , popularizing sports activities , actively grooming and supporting elite athletic talents , encouraging public participation in sports , as well as perfecting and rationalizing the resources allocation system .
now that the government has stressed time and again that it attaches importance to sports development in hong kong , it should really make efforts instead of paying lip service . building a large stadium is an important project that should be given top priority . if hong kong wants to bid for hosting the 2006 asian games , the government must take corresponding actions .
britain 's sky sports predicts that this may likely be the pick of the quarterfinal matches . despite unsatisfying performances in their previous four matches of this year 's world cup , england is facing a portuguese team with key players missing , and they should be capable of winning .
in one powerful effort he set a new national record with a combined snatch and clean - and - jerk of 267.5 kilos . that kind of achievement would have won him a gold medal at los angeles in 1984 , and even though now it was only good enough to rank him fourth in the world , it fired him up with the ambition to win another medal this year at seoul .
informed sources said that the beijing olympic bidding committee has basically completed the three major tasks for moscow , site of the final voting , including the presentation at the ioc plenary meeting . the contents of the presentation include a verbal presentation , television publicity films , and a multimedia broadcast , lasting a total 45 minutes . the draft for the verbal presentation was polished up on 27 june .
" hosting an international athletic meet of such scale and prestige will boost hong kong 's reputation as an events capital and encourage our athletes to strive for ever higher standards , " a leisure and cultural services department spokesman said today ( october 9 ) . " it will also heighten enthusiasm for sports and promote a sporting culture in our community .
two school sports ambassadors , mr leung chu - yan , 1st runner - up in men 's doubles at the pro tour table tennis grand finals ; and ms wong jing , 2nd runner - up in women 's team in the 2001 asian championships , joined the two chinese athletes , ms li ju and ms zhang ying - ying in a play - in session with students .
during the 10 th national games of china , nanjing illuminated the " three circles , three belts and three zones " lighting structure with characteristics of an ancient capital surrounded by mountains , waters , towns and trees as well as with styles of a modern riverbank , and brightened the newly built nine lighting areas , welcoming guests of the games with more beautiful night scenery .
madam president , i should like to stress that in moving the amendment today , we try to tell members that while the democratic party is in full support of hong kong hosting the asian games in the future , we believe it is imperative that hong kong should have in place a comprehensive policy on sport to encourage the community to attach more importance to the sports culture .
" these activities included rowing , canoeing and windsurfing training courses , which have achieved encouraging results in nurturing young athletes during their school age . " four secondary school students who received training under the ssp have been selected to represent hong kong to compete in the 4th junior champion kayak racing in india early this month . "
speaking at the press conference today ( october 16 ) to announce details of the one - day sports feast , the deputy director of home affairs , mrs agnes allcock , said the event offers an opportunity for youngsters and sport enthusiasts of all ages to express their hope through deeds for hong kong to host the world 's second largest sports event .
i would like to speak briefly about other important aspects of this draft resolution : its affirmation of some of the underlying principles that the united nations and the international olympic movement share , and the role that sports can play in helping to build stronger communities for example through youth education and exchange .
side - effects cannot be lumped together since the midair collision , people of all circles in both countries have been greatly concerned over developments , and worried that the sino - us impasse may affect their relationship in other respects , including sino - us trade , china 's accession to the world trade organization , beijing 's bid to stage the 2008 olympics , and cross - strait relations , and so on .
this evening seven years ago , the happy news of beijing 's successful bid for the hosting of the olympics made 1.3 billion people in china overjoyed ; after seven years , today the old image of the ancient beijing has changed into a new look , with tourists both domestic and foreign as well as ordinary beijing residents giving the thumbs - up to this brand new international metropolis .
a spokesman for the provisional municipal councils said today ( monday ) , " a total of 12 sports activities , including angling , archery , badminton , 3 - on - 3 basketball , distance run , lawn bowls , squash , swimming , table tennis , tennis , tenpin bowling as well as tai chi chuen / sword competitions will be held in the councils ' venues throughout the territory . "
the fund has granted $1.05 million for the development of three target sports including swimming , track and field , and boccia for a period of 15 months ; and $2.67 million as subsistence grants for a period of 30 months to 81 disabled athletes who are elites or with potential .
in group ~ e , the italian team beat the czech team 2-0 , bringing to an end the czech republic 's world cup tour this time . the us team , which broke through to the quarter - finals in the last world cup , unfortunately lost by 1-2 to the ghanaian team , er , a debutant in the world cup , and also regretfully bid farewell to this world cup ; but ghana , er , made it through to the final 16 .
insofar as the achievement of the above objectives is concerned , i hope that the government can set up a sports commission as soon as possible to offer advice on the formulation of a sports policy and the allocation of funds . it is also hoped that such a commission can co-ordinate the efforts of the various sports organizations and increase the resources for the hong kong sports institute , so as to enhance the training of elite athletes in hong kong .
with the introduction of the sports commission and the three committees , the sports development board will be dissolved while the hong kong sports institute will be re-constituted to become an incorporated body to undertake matters pertaining to high performance sports training currently under the auspices of the sports development board .
prior to the athens olympics , xie xingfang was only the number four in chinese women 's singles . after she was defeated , an sms message " i 'll protect you with my scores ! " from lin dan seemed to give support and confidence to this girl who was at a loss and vulnerable .
regardless of whether it was in the construction of athletic facilities , or the development of international calibre athletes , both had the strong support and direction of the government . in fact , after the liberalization of cigarette ads in 1973 all revenues were used to establish an athletics promotion fund . as a result of such activity and support south korea has emerged as a respected sports nation .
starting the first training course on rowing at the christian alliance s c chan memorial college in tuen mun were renowned rowing athletes ms fay hon kim - fai , gold medallist of the asian championship 1995 , mr lui kam - chi and mr lo shing - yan , bronze medallists of the asian championship 1999 .
i believe the hong kong sports development board ( amendment ) bill 1993 will pave the way for the better promotion and development of sports in hong kong . it refocuses the sdb as the single overall body responsible for the promotion and development of sports , and provides a new structure for the management of the hksi and the training and development of elite athletes in hong kong .
the main objectives of the board are to develop sports and physical recreation in hong kong , to encourage the knowledge and practice of sport and physical recreation at all levels , to provide opportunities and support for those athletes with talent and dedication to win at the highest level of competition and to enhance hong kong 's position in the international sports community .
weightlifting is an athletic event of slow and steady progress , so dedication is one of the keys to victory . the professional life of a weight lifter is only about a decade . of the women who have participated in dozens of competitions large and small over the years , some will soon retire . whether there will olympic medals in the future , and whether others will carry on the tradition , will depend on how much effort is made here in taiwan and on the overall conditions in the athletic world .
cui lintao stressed that the bad conduct of a handful of soccer fans had seriously affected not only the external image of shaanxi and xian in hosting large - scale sports tournaments but the good image of xian and shaanxi in opening up to the outside world .
demand alone provides ample justification for the building of an aquatic stadium in hong kong . each year , hong kong holds several local and international water sports events including the dragon boat race , the row boat race , the wind - surfing regatta and the canoeing race . the aquatic stadium will provide a world-class venue for these events . this will not only improve the standards of the sportsmen but also attract more international races to be held in hong kong .
at the 2006 winter olympics in turin , italy , the designated aria sung by pavarotti , " nessun dorma , " was his last public singing performance . however , uh , this farewell song to everyone 's surprise was mimed . recently , italian conductor leone magiera published a memoir that focused on pavarotti , and for the first time revealed the truth about the mime .
we cannot but be excited by the general assembly 's reaffirmation that the olympic ideal is to promote international understanding among the youth of the world , through sport and culture , in order to advance the harmonious development of humankind , and by the recognition that the olympic ideal is relevant to the united nations year for tolerance , which is being commemorated in 1995 .
it is understood that in a survey conducted by beijing 's social conditions and public opinion survey center regarding alternative driving days during the olympics , 94.8% of the respondents supported the odd and even number alternative driving days , 54.6% of the people who were surveyed will choose to use public transportation .
under this situation , jiangsu , ah ! ah , based on the wishes of the provincial ( cpc ) committee , the provincial government , ah , and the people of the whole province , put forward to the state council and the state sports general administration the desire to host the 10th national games .
regarding his first encounter with pak hak son at a association of national olympic committees ( anoc ) meeting in beijing , kim jung kil disclosed , " although i said hello , the other side held a lot of animosity . our side said that we hoped to engage in dialogue , but they refused , saying they were busy . "
compared to bangkok , hong kong is more superior in respect of capital , transport and communications facilities , and it has an advantage of being the hub for exchanges and tourism between the east and the west , and these are favourable factors for our hosting the asian games .
the greek delegation would like to pay tribute to the international olympic committee , one of the most important non - governmental organizations , for all its arduous endeavours , performed on a worldwide scale , to promote constantly , in all possible fields and at all levels , the olympic ideal , with the sole aim of achieving through them protection of the environment , the advancement of social progress and the maintenance of peace .
i believe this decision will be a shock for the international basketball association and the soviets , " said wu ching - kuo , deputy director of the chinese taipei olympic committee , " because no one thought we would make such a straight forward decision . this decision will indirectly change our image in the international sports forum and will prove that our policy is really one which says that politics is politics and sports is sports . "
a total of 19 competitions , namely , table tennis , basketball , swimming , mini-soccer ( 7 - a - side ) , snooker , tennis , squash , water carnival , badminton , ten - pin bowling , track and field , angling , lawn bowls , soccer ( 11 - a - side ) , orienteering , long distance run , sand sculpture , beach volleyball and fun games will be staged at various venues of the two municipal councils .
thanks to you all , we saw with pride the flag of the hong kong special administrative region flying boldly at the asian games . i would also like to extend my warmest congratulations to all hong kong delegates , who have earned the acclaim of the entire community by their efforts to reach for a higher goal at the games , and to challenge themselves as well as the asian and world records . whether you were able to win medals or not , we in hong kong still admired and were moved by your fighting spirit in the competitions .
the north tucheng station is the first stop for the olympic extension . upon entering the station , passengers can see the patterns of pristine blue and white porcelain and ancient city bricks . the large - screen lcd tvs mounted on the ancient city walls fully represent the artistic aura of the mergence of the ancient and the modern .
if taiwan separatist forces attempt to exploit the fact that the mainland compatriots are focusing their energy on developing the economy and preparing for the 2008 olympics to create taiwan independence incidents , thinking that all we can do is to swallow this bitter fruit , it will be a serious misjudgment .
during his speech , president chiang noted that this year 's games drew many athletes exhibiting liveliness , optimism , and a fine competitive spirit . these are assets to the country on the athletic field as well as off , he said . premier sun told the competitors that the government is very encouraged by this year 's achievements in sports .
coach tsai says that if the athlete really can not get any better , the coach must figure out how to tell her , so that she can change her life 's direction at the earliest opportunity . otherwise , the coach must use every way possible to get the athlete to work harder and harder .
a spokesman for the provisional municipal councils said today ( monday ) , " a total of 12 sports activities , including angling , archery , badminton , 3 - on - 3 basketball , distance run , lawn bowls , squash , swimming , table tennis , tennis , tenpin bowling as well as tai chi chuen / sword competitions will be held in the councils ' venues throughout the territory . "
it is a great honour for me to address this assembly , as i believe that the fiftieth anniversary of the united nations , together with the celebration of the international year for tolerance , constitute an excellent opportunity for us to underline the continued importance of contributing to a more peaceful and better world through sports and the olympic ideal .
to begin with , i am very grateful to the honourable timothy fok for supporting this motion , and i would like to thank the sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong , china for compiling a very detailed report on the long - term development of sports on a voluntary basis . we will study this report very carefully .
the republic of china is not a communist country that goes out and simply selects promising young children and then begins to train them . nor is it like western europe or north america where athletes are developed through a strong network of sports clubs and athletic organizations .
on 25 april 1989 , the executive council advised that the hong kong sports development board should be established to implement a restructured sports and recreation policy and devote more attention and resources to competitive sport and the development of first - class international sportsmen in hong kong .
insofar as sports development strategy is concerned , the overall objectives espoused in the report are as follows : to develop a strong sporting culture and encourage people to adopt sport as part of an active lifestyle ; to achieve greater excellence in sport by providing more support to our elite athletes ; and to raise our international profile on sport with a view to gaining wider recognition and creating new opportunities for economic growth .
a lack of effective methods for scoring points the women 's basketball players ' degree of accuracy when shooting is worrisome by half time , they had only scored 27 points . the hit ratio of the chinese women 's basketball team in the match yesterday really made the journalists feel ashamed .
while the people throughout the country are celebrating joyously the 51st anniversary of the nation 's founding , and celebrating the outstanding achievements made by the skilled chinese athletes who have won honor for the country in the olympics , a small number of the die - hard elements of the " falungong " cult gathered illegally in beijing 's tiananmen square on the morning of 1 october . instigated by li hongzhi and others outside china , these gatherers intended to disturb order in tiananmen square and ruin the jubilant atmosphere enjoyed by the masses visiting tiananmen square .
the 25 chinese olympic gold medallists are liu xuan ( women 's gymnastics ) , li xiaopeng and zheng lihui ( men 's gymnastics ) , zhang jun and ji xinpeng ( men 's badminton ) , gong zhichao , ge fei , gao ling and gu jun ( women 's badminton ) , kong linghui , wang liqin and yan sen ( men 's table tennis ) , wang nan ( women 's table tennis ) , yang xia , ding meiyuan , chen xiaomin and lin weining ( women 's weightlifting ) , zhan xugang ( men 's weightlifting ) , yuan hua and tang lin ( women 's judo ) , chen zhong ( women 's taekwondo ) , tao luna ( women 's shooting ) , yang ling and cai yalin ( men 's shooting ) and wang liping ( women 's athletics ) . the show at hong kong stadium tomorrow ( november 28 ) will take place from 6:30 pm to 8:30 pm .
while the people throughout the country are celebrating joyously the 51st anniversary of the nation 's founding , and celebrating the outstanding achievements made by the skilled chinese athletes who have won honor for the country in the olympics , a small number of the die - hard elements of the " falungong " cult gathered illegally in beijing 's tiananmen square on the morning of 1 october . instigated by li hongzhi and others outside china , these gatherers intended to disturb order in tiananmen square and ruin the jubilant atmosphere enjoyed by the masses visiting tiananmen square .
because speaking from the host country of the olympics , the prices in both australia and greece were 400 bucks . roughly one coin is equal to 750 or 800 , between 750 and 800 , so it 's a bit high , thus the sign of artificial price pushing is quite - quite obvious .
before the government put out its press release , whenever the media inquired the financial secretary or the secretary for home affairs of the financial implications of hosting the asian games , apart from repeating that no specific figures had hitherto been released by the government , they had respectively sent out messages to this effect : it would not be a problem for hong kong even if we should incur from hosting the asian games financial losses of a few thousand million dollars .
in the next financial year , a number of major projects will commence construction , including the tamar development project , the improvement and upgrading works for the 2009 east asian games sports facilities , stage 2 of the replacement and rehabilitation programme for water mains , and drainage works in various districts .
as regards the saff , eligible senior athletes are entitled to receive an amount from a minimum of $ 30,000 to a maximum of $ 90,000 each year while eligible junior athletes are entitled to receive an amount from a minimum of $ 10,000 to a maximum of $ 30,000 each year .
through participating in honoring the yellow emperor and the ancestral canon and praying on the topic of cooperative construction of the spirit of the chinese race , and for good fortune for the beijing olympics in the auspicious cyclical year 2008 , the nearly one - hundred retired generals from both sides of the strait personally experienced the revered passion of both overseas and domestic descendants of the yellow emperor for their common ancestors .
it would be utopian to imagine that two nations in conflict could say to each other : you know what , nation x , let us meet at the olympic games in nagano , and the winner between our two ski teams will decide in whose favour our border conflict will be settled .
an lcsd spokesman said today ( december 31 ) : " the aim of the department to distribute free tickets of the event is to enable more people of different ages and backgrounds to enjoy this exciting competition among world-class tennis players and to promote the importance of sports in the community . "
in a congratulatory letter sent to the hong kong squash yesterday ( july 14 ) , mr lam commended the remarkable performance of the team in winning one gold , one silver and one bronze medals in the championships . he also expressed gratitude to the association which had done a good job in promoting squash in the hksar and improving the performance of the athletes .
in today 's torch relay , the speed skating gold medalist from the turin winter olympics , currently vice speaker of the russian state duma , zhurova , will be the last torchbearer . she will take the torch from the hands of chinese consul general in st . petersburg , tian erlong , and run from the front of the navy building to the center of the winter palace square , light the cauldron , and complete the olympic torch relay in st . petersburg .
in another development , despite beijing 's success in bidding for hosting the 2008 olympic games , stock markets on the mainland yesterday did not show any celebratory mood - - with the exception of a slight rise in b - type shares in shanghai , all indexes fell yesterday in shanghai and shenzhen stock markets .
speaking at a press conference launching the mascot naming competition today , the honorary secretary general of the sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong , china cum member of the asian games bid committee mr pang chung , said hosting such a prestigious international sporting event would bring great benefit to hong kong and add a new sporting dimension to our city in asia and around the world .
the senior policymaker analyzed that : beijing will definitely create a good image in its bid for the olympic games , to win the support of the international community . this should be somewhat helpful in preserving stability in the taiwan strait and promoting interaction in cross - strait relations .
" fourth , the mutual visits and reunion of separated families of both sides and the fluttering of " flags of both sides on the korean peninsula " during the opening ceremony of the olympic games increased understanding between the north and the south , and expressed their wishes of realizing peaceful reunification through self - reliance .
jiang enzhu marks national day in hong kong chairman henry fok , presidium members , committee members and guests : we have just experienced great joy over beijing 's successful bid for the olympic games when we are looking forward to the red - letter day marking the 52 d anniversary of the founding of the prc .
not only must the organizers of international sports events take these concerns into account , but a city \ x { e5b8 } record on environmental protection and the concrete measures it has taken to that end constitute a fundamental criterion in its selection as host of the olympic games .
xinhua news agency , guiyang , january 15 , sports special dispatch ( reporter huang yong ) . the goal is to snatch a gold medal at the 2008 beijing olympics . yet , there are only less than 300 professional trap shooting players across china , thus it puts the head coach of the national trap shooting team sun shengwei in a rather strained circumstances in talent selection .
london resident kakaxin said that tibet has always been a part of china , and that there is absolutely no benefit for those people who want to disrupt the holding of the beijing olympics . a british college student named nick said that the olympic sports cannot be politicized , and that it is completely wrong to express their political opinion by attempting to disrupt the torch relay by force .
on may 23 ( tuesday ) , just before the annual meeting of the association of national olympic committees , the chief secretary and members of the delegation will make a presentation to the olympic council of asia to demonstrate hong kong 's strengths and its commitment to host a world-class asian games .
on the one hand , the dalai lama keeps saying that he wanted to contact and negotiate with the central government . on the other hand , he is creating social unrest and interfering with the beijing olympics , which people and athletes around the world are eagerly looking forward to .
huang tao , the head of the party committee office at chongqing train station , said that chongqing train station will usher in a " double peak " for the summer transportation this year : the first peak in passenger volume will be mainly due to students and is expected to last from july 5 to 15 ; the second peak will be due to " olympics travelers " who will be going to beijing and other competition venues during the olympic games period .
the postmaster general , mr luk ping - chuen , announced today ( august 31 ) that as advised by the australia post , there will be restricted postal access to a number of locations in their country during the period from september 1 to october 6 , 2000 , because of the extensive logistical and security arrangements associated with the olympic games .
the department will also promote the development of recreation and sports affairs in hong kong through strengthening the liaison and cooperation with the sports development board , the sports federation and olympic committee , hong kong , china ; national sports associations ; district councils ; district recreation and sports organisations and schools .
the senior policymaker analyzed that : beijing will definitely create a good image in its bid for the olympic games , to win the support of the international community . this should be somewhat helpful in preserving stability in the taiwan strait and promoting interaction in cross - strait relations .
in another development , despite beijing 's success in bidding for hosting the 2008 olympic games , stock markets on the mainland yesterday did not show any celebratory mood with the exception of a slight rise in b - type shares in shanghai , all indexes fell yesterday in shanghai and shenzhen stock markets .
3. requests the secretary - general to invite and encourage ministers of youth and sport or concerned officials of states members of the united nations to participate in the consideration by the assembly at its fiftieth session of an item entitled " building a peaceful and better world through sport and the olympic ideal " on the eve of the centenary of the revival of the olympic games in 1896 at athens , and also requests the secretary - general to invite the president of the international olympic committee to attend ;
when the beijing olympics organizing committee executive vice president , li binghua took the lead walking out of the plane holding the sacred flame igniter , he received an enthusiastic welcome from south korea 's olympic organizing committee secretary general , kim sangwu , seoul cultural department head , jung hyoseong , and china 's ambassador to korea , ning fukui .
initiatives and actions by the olympic committee since the general assembly considered this same item two years ago show clearly the interest that the governments of many countries attach to developing and strengthening olympic activities and to international cooperation in this realm , which leads to better understanding among athletes everywhere .
initiatives and actions by the olympic committee since the general assembly considered this same item two years ago show clearly the interest that the governments of many countries attach to developing and strengthening olympic activities and to international cooperation in this realm , which leads to better understanding among athletes everywhere .
" currently , the events in which the police have achieved satisfactory scores are men 's 25 - m rapid firing , standard pistol and centre firing , as well as ladies ' 25 - m sports pistol and 10 - m air pistol , as demonstrated in the asian games , asian shooting championships , and south east asia shooting championships .
xinhua news agency , beijing , june 9 ( reporters wang yong , gao peng ) - the athens olympic torch was passed on in the ancient capital of beijing in great fervor on the 9th . greek " olympics ambassador " spiros lambridis , who was watching the relay at tiananmen square , was moved by the enthusiasm of the chinese people .
entryid (912) > ) division chief wang pingjiu of the cultural activities division of the cultural activities department of the beijing olympic organizing committee visited people 's daily online ; he engaged in online communications with net friends about topics of the recruitment campaign for creative mv ideas of two songs strength of youth and believe in yourself , earthquake relief and the olympic games , etc.
the board of directors of the 2009 east asian games ( hong kong ) limited ( eagco ) today ( september 26 ) pledged to stage the most successful eag , following a decision by the rules and technical committee of the east asian games association last saturday that there would be 21 competition sports and two exhibition sports at the 2009 eag in hong kong .
" all the gold medals are the sure bets for both china and south korea , but we are going to fight for other medals , " said karsybekov . " our athletes are all very young whose age is from 14 to 18 . they are short of experience and without good performance in international meets . there is a huge gap in competition experience between them and athletes from china and south korea . "
during the exclusive interview , vice president annette lu said , " when beijing realizes that we sincerely wish beijing to be successful in bidding for sponsoring the 2008 olympic games , they will certainly feel surprised . as a part of the chinese nation [ zhong hua min zu ] , we also expect the people 's republic of china [ zhong hua ren min gong he guo ] to be successful in sponsoring the 2008 olympic games . in the mean time , i believe both sides can share better peace and development . "
on may 23 ( tuesday ) , just before the annual meeting of the association of national olympic committees , the chief secretary and members of the delegation will make a presentation to the olympic council of asia to demonstrate hong kong 's strengths and its commitment to host a world - class asian games .
aware of the increasing humanitarian activities of the international olympic committee , such as food relief assistance to children in war - torn areas in cooperation with the office of the united nations high commissioner for refugees , and also aware of the pledges by the committee to help reconstruct sport installations destroyed by war , such as those used in the winter olympic games at sarajevo in 1984,
with the advent of the olympic games , uh , we need to step up some educational efforts on moral integrity , saying that everyone wants to say - striving to be this , that , er , something like an upstanding citizen , striving to be that volunteer , um , olympic volunteer , er , this is a , a major aspect .
the highest priestess , nafpliotou , lit the torch from the flame alter and passed it to greek olympic committee chairman kyriakou . kyriakou officially passed the olympic flame to bocog chairman liu qi . the flame was then placed in a flame kindling canister , and the flame handover ceremony was finished .
and the collective spirit of fighting bravely in solidarity , the composed psychology of staying calm in the face of confusion , the courageous and resolute will in taking prompt actions , and the firm and persistent character of never giving up that were displayed by the chinese athletes at this olympic games concentrated and showed the strength of character and the ambition of the chinese .
seeing that their time was running out , the " falungong " members turned their eyes to the prc national day and the closing day of the olympics to make their last desperate move . their plan was to create troubles at a time when people throughout china were celebrating the festive occasion and the record performance of the chinese olympic athletes .
seeing that their time was running out , the " falungong " members turned their eyes to the prc national day and the closing day of the olympics to make their last desperate move . their plan was to create troubles at a time when people throughout china were celebrating the festive occasion and the record performance of the chinese olympic athletes .
expressing concern over the poor performance of indian teams at the atlanta olympics with only one broze medal in men 's tennis , the minister of state for youth affairs and sports , d . athithan , said on friday that india must aim to improve its medals tally and for that the country should set the targets for each identified discipline right now .
the olympic torch relay is a message of peace , ah , that is , it should not become a , uh , some , uh , something of an appeal for other objectives , so the international olympic committee can -- can only , ah , look at these things from the few perspectives of sport , ah , so we hope that this , uh , all activities linked to the olympics can be carried out smoothly , uh , under the guiding principle of the olympic ah .
wang gang also introduced the visitors to relevant information from the 17th national congress of the cpc and our country 's two conferences . baek gae - yong congratulated the ccp and government on the successes achieved by the chinese people in the midst of combating the snowstorm disaster , and offered his best wishes for the success of the 2008 olympic games in beijing .
the four table tennis players are the champion in men 's team in the 2001 world table tennis championships , kong linghui ; the champions in men 's team and men 's doubles in the world wide universities games beijing 2001 , zhang yong ; the champions in women 's team and women 's doubles in the 2001 world table tennis championships , li ju ; and the second runner - up in women 's doubles in the 2001 world table tennis championships , zhang yingying .
i am sure with this additional funding to sports , we can look forward to much better performance by our young athletes in international games in the next few years , and can expect to see them coming home with more medals , thus raising hong kong 's profile in the international sporting arena .
chinese men 's basketball achieve overwhelming victory over australia all - stars ; sexy hot dancers cheer them on . july 4 , 2008 . in the warm - up match , the chinese men 's basketball won against the australian all - star team with a score of 89:73 . this was the ninth successive victory in the series of warm - up matches for the olympic games .
however , the ftu and the dab believe that bidding for the asian games and nurturing hong kong 's sports culture are not mutually exclusive . on the contrary , endeavours in these two directions should be mutually supplementary , since hosting the asian games can help to promote the development of hong kong sports culture on the one hand , and raise the standards of the local sports players on the other .
commonwealth games ( badminton ) asian games ( windsurfing , table tennis ) olympic games ( badminton - exhibition ) commonwealth championships ( table tennis ) world championships ( table tennis , disabled ) world double cup ( table tennis ) world cup meet ( swimming ) world rowing championships grand prix meet dumferimline ( swimming ) east asian championships ( squash , rowing ) asian championships ( squash , swimming , rowing , table tennis , windsurfing ) asian rowing championships asian cup ( table tennis ) asia pacific age group invitation meet ( swimming ) asia age group swimming championships asia pacific age group swimming meet , jakarta asia pacific age group championships ( swimming ) east asian regatta ibsa open asian championships ( rowing , windsurfing )
visitors to the exhibition will be able to watch hundreds of memorable photographs . display items include treasured award cups such as the hong kong football association cup , the eighth abc champions cup won by regal energy basketball team ; valuable trophies won by local badminton athletes from 1930 's to 1980 's ; as well as the gold medal won by wheelchair fencing athlete , mr cheung wai - leung , in 1996 atlanta paralympic games .
i should also like to take this opportunity to express our sincere thanks to the secretary - general of the united nations , the president of the international olympic committee , the association of national olympic committees , the international sports federations and the sports and physical education organizations of various countries for extending to viet nam their valuable assistance .
the senior official from the olympic organizing committee of turkey , aksoy , who is responsible for the olympic torch relay activities said that the starting point of the istanbul torch relay is at the center of the well - known sultan ahmed mosque square . at that time chairman of the turkey olympic organizing committee , bayatli , will light the torch and pass it to the first torchbearer , famous figure skater in turkey , karademir . succeeding torchbearers will run on the coastal road along the bosphorus strait .
i believe that such accomplishments represent not only the fruits of the athletes ' hard work , but also the concerted efforts made by all coaches , staff , the sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong , china , the hong kong sports association for the physically handicapped , the hong kong sports association for the mentally handicapped , various national sports associations , as well as the hong kong sports development board .
prc official expects double - digit growth in foreign investment in china beijing 's successful bid to host the olympic games and the irreversible outcome of china 's " wto accession " will surely exert an impact on the building of infrastructures in china and on its real estate market .
due to preparation for the asian games in hiroshima , most of the good national track and field competitors did not sign up to participate in the competition this time round , only 21 members of the national team appeared in events such as sprinting , relays , the high jump , the long jump , shot - put , etc. , the medium to long run women 's team from liaoning province did not come either .
in 1976 , the association sent two riders , sun ching - lien and lin tseng - hsiung to receive training in spain to participate in the montreal olympic games . a famous horse called " my memory " was purchased at a cost of us $33,000 to improve the team 's chances of winning .
in the part of praying for the olympics , 29 former olympic gold medalists hung prayer cards onto the banyan tree . five - colored ribbons in red , yellow , green , blue , and black flying straight down from the top of the yellow background wall , pushing the entire ancestor worship ceremony to its climax .
due to preparation for the asian games in hiroshima , most of the good national track and field competitors did not sign up to participate in the competition this time round , only 21 members of the national team appeared in events such as sprinting , relays , the high jump , the long jump , shot - put , etc , the medium to long run women 's team from liaoning province did not come either .
taiwan 's female karate experts are now considered on a level with those in japan , and if karate succeeds in becoming an event in the 1992 olympics , more than a few people will learn about the republic of china 's prowess . such confidence is not without foundation . entrants in the world games , which had four categories ( 1st , 2nd , 3rd weight classes , and form ) , had to be ranked in the top eight in the world to qualify .
at a press conference held on 29th , the organizers of the activity of the beijing olympic games torch exhibition on mount everest said that a hong kong journalist taking part in the coverage was evacuated down to dingri county of rikaze prefecture on the night of 28th due to serious altitude sickness . the county is 102km away from the base camp on mount everest and has an elevation of more than 4000m .
the money will be used for improving and expanding the current sports scholarship programmes , for raising the standards of coaching , for more intensive local and overseas training , especially for those sports and athletes with medal - winning potentials , and for supporting services such as sports science and sports medicine .
joining mrs allcock , the vice president of the sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong , china and member of asian games bid committee , mr karl kwok said he was greatly impressed and encouraged by the enthusiasm of local residents in supporting the work of the bid committee , noting that the olympic council of asia ( oca ) will announce its decision on the winning bid in pusan , korea in november .
although hong kong lacks experience in hosting large scale integrated sporting events , it has hosted international sports tournaments comprising major olympic events such as swimming , windsurfing , table tennis , squash , volley ball , tennis , badminton and cycling as well as non-olympic events such as billiard , bowling and martial arts in the past years .
a guard on the chinese team , liu wei said : " the chinese team made it into the world 's top eight twice ( olympics and world championships ) . each draw was very poor , but at this time the chinese team was able to unleash a very high level of play .
the 5th east asian games bid committee and the leisure and cultural service department will launch a signature campaign at the piazza of the hong kong cultural centre at 9.30 am on october 5 ( sunday ) in support of hong kong 's bid to host the east asian games in 2009 .
after the roc pulled out of the un , in addition to frequent setbacks in our formal relations with other countries , in international sports events , because of questions regarding our name , flag , national anthem , etc. , we were unable to participate in the 1976 summer olympics in montreal and the 1980 winter and summer olympics in moscow . furthermore , we were also kept out of three asia athletic meets in tehran , bangkok and new delhi .
beijing , july 28 , xinhua ( reporters li li and pan yi ) in order to adapt the team members to conditions in europe as soon as possible , a 32 - member group of the national gymnastic team left beijing on the 28th for the small french town of orleans to conduct final drill and warm - up ahead of the olympics and then from there directly travel to the games venue in athens .
while visiting greece , li changchun also met with chairman of the panhellenic socialist movement papandreou and mayor of athens bakoyannis , visited the site of the first modern olympic games , and met with staff members of the chinese embassy in greece , as well as with chinese - funded organizations , overseas chinese , ethnic chinese , and overseas students .
( c ) building alliances for undp in its fight against poverty , ( e.g. , through human development partnerships developed with european donor countries ; creation of the world alliance of cities against poverty , which 76 cities have now joined ; mobilization of soccer players and olympic athletes to sign an anti-poverty pledge ) ;
the chinese olympic committee ( coc ) issued a statement on thursday after receiving the report by the chinese swimming association on fina 's announcement of the positive results of four chinese swimmers in an out - of - competition doping test at the current world swimming championships in perth , australia .
3. dr huang chen - ya asked : mr president , as the government has promptly organized celebrations and issued commemorative stamps for the hong kong olympic team but has not yet made similar arrangements for the paralympic team , will the government inform this council whether consideration has been given to issuing commemorative stamps and souvenir covers to commemorate the outstanding achievements of the hong kong paralympic team which has won a number of gold medals at the 1996 atlanta paralympic games ; if so , when such stamps and covers will be put on sale ; if not , why not ?
the games , from the bidding process right through to the closing ceremony offer us a unique opportunity to showcase our strengths , and at the same time galvanize the community in support of a common aim , namely to excel both as a host to asia 's biggest event and as a player in the games .
notwithstanding schumacher has effectively won his fifth world championship ahead of time , the ferrari team from italy is still longing to win the championship in this stop such that they can win the team championship in four consecutive years and also their twelve championship in the history of the team .
and the collective spirit of fighting bravely in solidarity , the composed psychology of staying calm in the face of confusion , the courageous and resolute will in taking prompt actions , and the firm and persistent character of never giving up that were displayed by the chinese athletes at this olympic games concentrated and showed the strength of character and the ambition of the chinese .
moreover , appropriate transport arrangements as well as other support facilities must also be put in place within the same timeframe . finally , during the two to three weeks when we are actually hosting the games , we will be holding numerous events in over 30 different venues and receiving a total of 15 000 athletes and administrators from more than 43 countries .
hosting the asian games and building a large sports centre do merit our support as they will stimulate economic growth , revitalize the tourism industry , promote the building of sports facilities in hong kong , create a good sports culture in community and promote the development of sports .
first , as these will be the last olympic games to be held this century , they should be not only a series of world-championship events but also an opportunity for youth and children the men and women of the early part of the next century to appear on the world stage .
the six badminton players are gold medallist in women 's doubles in 1996 and 2000 olympic games , ms gu jun ; first runner - up of women 's doubles in hong kong open 1997 and 1998 , ms qian hong ; third runner - up of women 's singles in the 8th national games of the people 's republic of china , ms li xian , who also ranked eighth in the national championship ; the second runner - up of national youth championship , ms xie jing ; gold medallist in men 's singles in the 8th national games of the people 's republic of china and title holder of the asian championship in 1996 and world youth championship in 1994 , mr chen gang ; and mr chen yinjian who ranked third in national youth championship in 1999 .
i believe that such accomplishments represent not only the fruits of the athletes ' hard work , but also the concerted efforts made by all coaches , staff , the sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong , china , the hong kong sports association for the physically handicapped , the hong kong sports association for the mentally handicapped , various national sports associations , as well as the hong kong sports development board .
" these difficulties require us to maintain a sober mind when satisfactory situations appear . we must see the shadows under our gold medal 's halo . we should even want to make self-exposure and ponder over ourselves , only then can we have the possibility of a good beijing olympic games , " gao zhidan said .
it is said that after nearly three months of twists and turns , the tense and unhappy sino - us relations are beginning to show signs of relaxation . secretary of state colin powell 's visit to beijing this month coincides with the announcement of the result of beijing 's olympic bid . on the matter of beijing 's bid to host the olympic games , powell had said that politics and sports should not be mixed and that the us government will take a " neutral " stand on this issue .
following is the full text of the speech by the chief executive , mr tung chee hwa , at the celebration reception today ( wednesday ) held by the amateur sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong , china for the hong kong delegation to the 13th asian games in bangkok :
we are pleased to see that the international olympic committee has been making further contributions of benefit to society by moving beyond a strictly athletic focus to other areas of involvement , working with the united nations to promote the olympic ideal and the observance of the olympic truce , as well as participating in humanitarian activities .
to the citizens of south korea , however , the final count down has come to symbolize the 1986 asian summer games and 1988 summer olympics . throughout seoul , its streets and buildings covered with a forest of signs publicizing these events , a sort of tense atmosphere prevails , one that seems to suggest that the olympics are a test that south korea cannot fail .
two days ago , moscow attracted the world attention as it hosted the 112th plenary session of the international olympic committee . today , the city has once again become the focus of wide public attention : this well - known ancient yet young city has welcomed in chinese president jiang zemin from china which just won the holding right of the 2008 olympics in the city not only ago .
he said : beijing municipality will certainly live up to the ardent hopes of the party central leadership and the entire people throughout the country . with the winning of the bid as a driving force , with " new beijing , new olympic games " as the main theme , we shall seize the great opportunity to advance reform , opening - up , and modernization in beijing and show the whole world a new look of beijing .
the hong kong delegation owes its outstanding achievements in the asian games to the sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong , china , the national sports associations , the hong kong sports development board , the home affairs bureau and the leisure and cultural services department . i hope that members of the sports community will keep on with their efforts and nurture more talented young athletes to win honour for hong kong .
athletes chen i - an and ch ' in yu - fang both won gold medals in this year 's olympic taekwondo demonstration . the news of their accomplishments brought a fresh round of excitement for the people in the r . o . c . in other news , the taipei import fair , also known as the " economic olympics , " has been held in taipei .
in june the republic of china women 's basketball team took part in the asian women 's basketball championship for the first time since pulling out of the competition 12 years ago . in one stroke , the roc team won third place in the tournament and a berth in the women 's world cup basketball championship .
as a three - time world champion , tong wen fully manifested her excellent strength in today 's competition . she faced donguzashvili , russian star player and bronze medalist in the athens olympics , in the first round . tong wen ipponed with a beautiful harai - makikomi in just 49 seconds .
in addition , the chinese american association of commerce has also prepared 10,000 each of the national flags of china and the united states , as well as the olympic five - rings flag . it also has 10,000 t - shirts printed with the olympic torch design to distribute to overseas chinese who attend the celebration of the torch relay .
the president of the pakistan olympic committee , hasan , said as the press conference , " first , i would like to thank the chinese embassy in pakistan for its support and coordination with our work . even more , i want to thank the beijing olympics for giving us an opportunity to put pakistan on display .
in the 22nd southeast asian games held in vietnam last year , the philippines won eight track and field gold medals , two short of ching kwok ng 's expected number of 10 . however , it came in second place with vietnam and malaysia in the total number of gold medals , while thailand was still in first place .
and the collective spirit of fighting bravely in solidarity , the composed psychology of staying calm in the face of confusion , the courageous and resolute will in taking prompt actions , and the firm and persistent character of never giving up that were displayed by the chinese athletes at this olympic games concentrated and showed the strength of character and the ambition of the chinese .
many members say that hong kong is nothing in the arena of sports competitions , but they have forgotten all about our special olympics athletes , who , year after year , add to the glory of hong kong as they win dozens of gold medals and hundreds of silver medals and bronze medals .
" the significance of bidding to host the asian games lies not only in that it is beneficial to promoting sports and introducing hong kong to asia and to the world , but also it will be able to bring the community together to strive for the success of the asian games bid . "
the former financial secretary , that is , the incumbent chief secretary for administration , said in july last year that with china 's accession to the world trade organization and its successful bid for hosting the olympic games , it will be difficult for hong kong to become poor !
secretary for home affairs ( in chinese ) : madam president , from its recurrent subvention from the government , the sdb provides funding to the asfoc to help meet the latter 's administrative and programme expenses as well as expenditure arising from participation in major games such as the olympic or asian games . the amount distributed to the asfoc in the past three years is as follows :
on september 28 , president jiang zeming sent a telegram of congratulations to the chinese delegation at the sydney olympic games on behalf of the party central committee and the state council . this is not only the lofty honor of chinese athletes , but also an immense inspiration and boost to both the military and the people throughout the country .
the chairman of the organising committee for the preparation of the hong kong special administrative region delegation to the 9th national games , mr timothy fok tsun - ting , also called on athletes to cherish the chance of participating in the national games to gain more experiences and strive for the best results .
two days ago , moscow attracted the world attention as it hosted the 112th plenary session of the international olympic committee . today , the city has once again become the focus of wide public attention : this well - known ancient yet young city has welcomed in chinese president jiang zemin from china which just won the holding right of the 2008 olympics in the city not only ago .
the chief executive in council has agreed in principle that the government will render support to the sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong , china ( sf & oc ) in hosting the 5th east asian games in 2009 , secretary for home affairs , dr patrick ho , announced today ( june 24 ) .
in addition to good grades and outstanding accomplishments in the arts , one of the special requirements for entering first girls via application was the following : " earning a place on the national olympic team or asian games team , or serving as an official national representative to international science fairs . "
he hopes that yao ming can have an early recovery and start training as soon as possible so that he can perform at his best at the beijing olympics to lead china 's men 's basketball team in making a historic breakthrough by advancing to the top six .
special dispatch of this newspaper from beijing - yesterday , the yunnan organizing committee of the " china story " cultural exhibition of the 2008 beijing olympics held a news briefing in beijing . it announced that the ancient yi wu town of " tea mountain people " that was named the first town of ancient tea , a mountainous region in northern xishuangbanna mengla county , will be the only tea culture exhibition project in the beijing olympics " china story " cultural exhibition , entering the cultural palace of olympics " china story " .
this competition , held by the harbin ice & snow bridge club , opened on january 1 in harbin , with 46 teams from 10 - plus provinces and municipalities and more than 240 players from the country participating in the competition , including many professional players and current members of the national team .
the swimming team has achieved outstanding results . mr fu tai - chun netted a total of five medals , with four new world masters games records . these included a gold in 50 - metre breast stroke , a silver in 50 - metre back stroke and three bronze medals in 50 - metre free style , 100 - metre free style and 50 - metre butterfly . his team - mate mr chan kam - por also won for himself a bronze medal in the 100- metre breast stroke .
when members of the evaluation delegation of the international olympic committee successively arrived in beijing , whether the olympic spirit -- races and national boundaries -- which is above geographical conditions , can link the two sides of the strait for a " reconciliation " or not will be the concern of people .
it is said that after nearly three months of twists and turns , the tense and unhappy sino - us relations are beginning to show signs of relaxation . secretary of state colin powell 's visit to beijing this month coincides with the announcement of the result of beijing 's olympic bid . on the matter of beijing 's bid to host the olympic games , powell had said that politics and sports should not be mixed and that the us government will take a " neutral " stand on this issue .
on the eve of the arrival of the olympic torch in san francisco , mccormack , spokesman for the u.s. department of state , said in a press conference on the 7th that the u.s. department of state is cooperating with the local government in san francisco to provide security for the olympic torch relay to ensure that the torch will be passed on safely .
holding the 6th asia - pacific special olympic games in beijing will motivate all of society to better understand and support disabled sports . it will make the public more conscious of helping disabled people and encourage more disabled people to take part in physical activities . it will , therefore , greatly assist in the development of the sports cause for china 's disabled .
organised on behalf of the wushu administration centre of the state sport general administration of china by the organising committee for the preparation of the hong kong special administrative region delegation to the ninth national games of the people 's republic of china , the hong kong wushu union and the leisure and cultural services department , the six - day wushu sanda preliminary contest is the first national games event ever held in hong kong .
" at present , products containing steroids are practically unregulated in the united states . this is a health crisis that affects not just olympic athletes , but every american teenager who dreams of becoming a professional or olympic athlete , and every consumer who takes these products without being informed of the risks , " said madden , chief executive officer of the us anti-doping agency .
if we look at the history of our country in the past century or so , we will see that now is basically the most stable time ever . we have thrived economically , succeeded in bidding for the hosting of the olympic games and the world expo as well as entering the wto .
firstly , hosting the asian games would elevate the status of the hong kong special administrative region ( sar ) to a centre for hosting international sports events and improve the sar 's international image . secondly , hosting the event may encourage hong kong athletes to upgrade their skills with greater zeal , which would substantially inspire the athletes and the sports circle of hong kong .
i should like to remind the government that the hosting of the asian games is not any personal business of the chief executive , and the support indicated by government officials or members of the executive council is no sufficient rationale for bidding to host the asian games .
at the 11th olympiad for the handicapped , our chinese handicapped athletes have defied not strong opponents , fought with indomitable spirit , and achieved outstanding achievements . you have made a new breakthrough in the history of chinese athletes to the olympiad for the handicapped , won honor for the motherland , contributed to promoting the olympic spirit , and manifested chinese handicapped athletes ' mental style and features of making efforts to seek progress and constantly striving to become stronger . you have greatly inspired the chinese people .
advocating and promoting a greater global emphasis on sport in the region through the 2000 olympics and paralympics , the 2006 commonwealth games and various sports competitions , and by urging appropriate international ( support ) , including the commonwealth , to give greater attention to the global benefits of sport in the context of development .
beijing 's successful bid to host the olympic games and the irreversible outcome of china 's " wto accession " will surely exert an impact on the building of infrastructures in china and on its real estate market . it is expected that foreign investment in china will embark on an expressway during the second half of the year .
photo : after witnessing hong kong swimmer mark kwok kin - ming ( sixth from left ) breaking his own hong kong record in the 400 - metre free style at the olympic aquatic centre in sydney , the chief secretary for administration , mrs anson chan , congratulating the hong kong swimming team .
the xinhua news agency reported that the chinese soccer association held a news conference yesterday , announcing that the 63 - year - old teacher shang ruihua officially became the coach of the chinese women 's soccer team . he will take the team to the beijing olympics , and the original french coach elizabeth was dismissed .
living up to the expectations of her countrymen , chi cheng collected gold medals in the high jump and 100 meters events in the 1966 and 1970 asian games held in bangkok . her career reached a peak in 1968-69 when she broke six world records and won a bronze medal in the 80 - meter low hurdle in the mexico olympics .
in january beijing announced that the government would encourage domestic christian groups to distribute bibles to athletes and spectators attending the great event olympics . shi weihan 's bookstore happened to be located just three kilometers from the main olympic venue . just a few weeks after the police arrested shi weihan , the government also announced that china had become the country that prints the most bibles in the world .
" at present , products containing steroids are practically unregulated in the united states . this is a health crisis that affects not just olympic athletes , but every american teenager who dreams of becoming a professional or olympic athlete , and every consumer who takes these products without being informed of the risks , " said madden , chief executive officer of the us anti-doping agency .
if we succeed in hosting the asian games in future , i suggest that we should also handle the matter in a high profile and announce to the world including hong kong people that since our bid for hosting the asian games has been successful , we are determined to host the games well and provide all contenders with the best services .
we must take advantage of beijing 's bid for the 2008 olympic games to do a good job in environmental , traffic , and housing buildings . we must make concentrated efforts to solve the problems concerning air pollution , shortage of water resources , traffic jam , and inhabitable houses to lay a solid foundation for building beijing into a modern international metropolis at an early date .
we must take advantage of beijing 's bid for the 2008 olympic games to do a good job in environmental , traffic , and housing buildings . we must make concentrated efforts to solve the problems concerning air pollution , shortage of water resources , traffic jam , and inhabitable houses to lay a solid foundation for building beijing into a modern international metropolis at an early date .
take kuala lumpur , the strongest opponent competing with hong kong for the hosting right , as an example , it has hosted four southeast asian games in the past 35 years and it was the first asian country that hosted the commonwealth games last year while hong kong has no experience in hosting integrated sporting events .
jointly organised by the provisional urban council and the provisional regional council for the seventh year , the masters games aims at providing various recreational and sports activities with competition opportunities for people aged 35 or above to encourage them to keep up their interest in sports .
the bid committee , formed in august by government officials and the sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong , china ( sf & oc ) , is gearing up to present hong kong 's case before the east asian games association in macau early november , before the association announces its decision .
if the mainland succeeds in the application for hosting the olympic games , taiwan businessmen , under the pressure of the competition in cross - strait economic development , will become even more enthusiastic about making investment on the mainland and the mainland will be regarded as an important target for international capital .
from left to right were athletes tam chi - kin and fu wing , chef de mission karl kwok , swimming team head coach chan yiu - hoi , team manager alan sham , mark kwok kin - ming , mrs chan , team official ronnie wong , and the president of sports federation & olympic committee timothy fok .
san francisco is an important coastal city in the western part of the united states . it is one of the u.s. cities that have the earliest and most frequent trade and cultural exchanges with china . in the 100 - year history of the olympics , the olympic torch has passed through the bay area in san francisco four times .
when members of the evaluation delegation of the international olympic committee successively arrived in beijing , whether the olympic spirit races and national boundaries which is above geographical conditions , can link the two sides of the strait for a " reconciliation [ he jie ] " or not will be the concern of people .
but in assessing the amount of work done for the costs , the organizers have spent their money well . the olympic games have stirred debate among the citizens of south korea . according to se - lin hus , the south korean minister to the republic of china , the cost has its benefits .
refraining from military operations during the olympic games - the olympic truce - may , in our troubled times too , provide an opportunity in the quest for the peaceful settlement of disputes ; such settlements , as experience has so far , unfortunately , shown , are harder to seek in the heat of warfare .
fan gang said : china needs to carry out myriad infrastructure construction for the olympic games ; therefore , it is an important issue how to efficiently and reasonably make use of its limited resources and funds and how to prevent waste , overspending , and corruption in the process of government investment and procurement .
fan gang said : china needs to carry out myriad infrastructure construction for the olympic games ; therefore , it is an important issue how to efficiently and reasonably make use of its limited resources and funds and how to prevent waste , overspending , and corruption in the process of government investment and procurement .
greece , which is ready to host the olympic games in 2004 , transmits a strong appeal to the youth of the world , without any discrimination , to take part in the games , which , at the very beginning of the third millennium , we are confident will give a new thrust to the fundamental principles and concepts of friendship , solidarity , understanding and fair play .
we look forward to hosting the asian games , with a view to enhancing the status of hong kong in the international community , facilitating the development of sports in hong kong , attracting more tourists and giving the tourism industry a boost . besides , the construction of the many sports facilities including the games village will serve to create more job opportunities and give a renewed impetus to the economy of hong kong .
when members of the evaluation delegation of the international olympic committee successively arrived in beijing , whether the olympic spirit -- races and national boundaries -- which is above geographical conditions , can link the two sides of the strait for a " reconciliation [ he jie ] " or not will be the concern of people .
at the 11th olympiad for the handicapped , our chinese handicapped athletes have defied not strong opponents , fought with indomitable spirit , and achieved outstanding achievements . you have made a new breakthrough in the history of chinese athletes to the olympiad for the handicapped , won honor for the motherland , contributed to promoting the olympic spirit , and manifested chinese handicapped athletes ' mental style and features of making efforts to seek progress and constantly striving to become stronger . you have greatly inspired the chinese people .
yang chuan - kuang , despite his poor health , has taken part in the cross - strait marathon to show the support of the people on both sides of the strait for beijing 's application for hosting the olympic games . chi cheng has also made extraordinarily painstaking efforts to organize the marathon . this is because they are duty - bound to do so and think the marathon has far - reaching significance .
with nations around the world fearing the possibility of terrorist attacks on the athens olympics this august , greek public order minister voulgarakis announced today that a total of 70,000 greek security personnel would be responsible for guarding the athens olympics . there will be 7 security personnel for every one athlete at the games .
if hong kong succeeds in securing the hosting right of the 2006 asian games , this will definitely increase local people 's interests in sports and stimulate the morale and fighting spirit of local athletes , and they will hopefully win honour for our country and hong kong as a host .
i address an appeal on behalf of the greek athletes to all the political and military leaders whose countries suffer from armed conflicts , to respect and observe the olympic truce - ekecheiria in accordance with the resolutions of the forty - eighth session of the united nations general assembly , and to cease all hostility and abstain from any act of violence from 5 february to 6 march 1994 , the period during which the xvii olympic winter games will take place at lillehammer , norway .
we are pleased to add our voice to the many voices around the world which have expressed the hope that , on the occasion of the olympic games to be held in greece in the year 2004 , the ancient greek tradition of the olympic truce will be revived , according to which all wars had to stop , and terrorism and violence had to cease .
in his toast , chinese ambassador to the united states yang jiechi said : " we are together on a happy occasion today to celebrate beijing 's successful bid to host the olympics games . this is the victory of the people of beijing , of the chinese people , and of all sons and daughters of the chinese nation . we have reached the apex ;
in his toast , chinese ambassador to the united states yang jiechi said : " we are together on a happy occasion today to celebrate beijing 's successful bid to host the olympics games . this is the victory of the people of beijing , of the chinese people , and of all sons and daughters of the chinese nation . we have reached the apex ;
the asian games is an important sporting event for hong kong as a whole , every member of the community would have a role to play in it . even if evaluation results should indicate that hosting the asian games might cause hong kong to incur losses , the government would still need to let the people choose whether they support the proposal to host the asian games .
jointly organised by the provisional urban council and the provisional regional council for the seventh year , the masters games aims at providing various recreational and sports activities with competition opportunities for people aged 35 or above to encourage them to keep up their interest in sports .
if we succeed in our bid to host the asian games , improvements will certainly be made to our sports venues . but if we fail , i would certainly not want to see that the government reaching the conclusion that there is no urgency to improve the sports venues because we do not succeed in our bid to host the games .
i have the honour to transmit a statement , received by fax , made by the press service of the ministry of defence of the azerbaijani republic in connection with the appeal by the international olympic committee ( ioc ) to the states and parties engaged in armed conflict to declare a truce for the duration of the 1994 winter olympics being held in lillehammer ( norway ) from 12 to 25 february .
the fact that so many people in the world have pledged their support for beijing 's bid to host the 2008 olympics itself spells affirmation of china 's reality and suggests that they have faith in china 's future and its positive and progressive role in the international community .
the fact that so many people in the world have pledged their support for beijing 's bid to host the 2008 olympics itself spells affirmation of china 's reality and suggests that they have faith in china 's future and its positive and progressive role in the international community .
then in 1990 , taijiquan was made an official international sport for the first time at the asian games . this change in status was made in recognition of the importance of taijiquan in china , which hosted the games that year . because chan ming - shu has a rather slim physique , his uncle thought he would be a good candidate to represent taiwan in a graceful sport like taijiquan .
then in 1990 , taijiquan was made an official international sport for the first time at the asian games . this change in status was made in recognition of the importance of taijiquan in china , which hosted the games that year . because chan ming - shu has a rather slim physique , his uncle thought he would be a good candidate to represent taiwan in a graceful sport like taijiquan .
regarding the proposal of bidding to host the 2006 asian games put forward by the sports federation and olympic committee ( sf & oc ) , the government has conducted a preliminary evaluation in many aspects . we think that hong kong has sufficient capability and good reasons in bidding to host the asian games in terms of venues and facilities , infrastructure facilities , manpower , organization abilities and financial undertakings .
when members of the evaluation delegation of the international olympic committee successively arrived in beijing , whether the olympic spirit -- races and national boundaries -- which is above geographical conditions , can link the two sides of the strait for a " reconciliation [ he jie ] " or not will be the concern of people .
at the oath - taking rally of the national customs sector for the security and services of the olympic games , sheng guangzu said that the customs of the whole country should strengthen their grassroots work , designate responsibilities , ensure a specific and feasible working plan for every task related to the security and services of the olympic games , develop a plan to address every type of emergency that may occur and ensure instant reporting , instant arrival at the scene and instant proper disposal .
mr hui cheung - kwok , tenpin bowling gold medallist of the asian games 1998 ; ms fay hon kim - fai , executive director of the hong kong sports association for the mentally handicapped ; and ms yu chui - yee , wheelchair fencing silver medallist of the world cup international garda 2001 who has been appointed school sport ambassador , were present to share their experience in the world of sports with the participants .
yang chuan - kuang , despite his poor health , has taken part in the cross - strait marathon to show the support of the people on both sides of the strait for beijing 's application for hosting the olympic games . chi cheng has also made extraordinarily painstaking efforts to organize the marathon . this is because they are duty - bound to do so and think the marathon has far - reaching significance .
as to disabled athletes , we should keep on providing them with support , such as hiring full - time coaches to co-ordinate the training of disabled athletes ; in the design of new public sports facilities , particular consideration should be given to the provision of facilities that meet the training needs of disabled athletes , and continued recognition should be given to the achievements of disabled athletes .
in connection with the appeal by the international olympic committee ( ioc ) to states and parties engaged in armed conflicts to declare a truce for the duration of the 1994 winter olympics being held in lillehammer ( norway ) from 12 to 25 february , the press service of the ministry of defence of azerbaijan is authorized by the command of the armed forces of azerbaijan to state the following .
a spokesman for the organising committee for the preparation of the hong kong special administrative region delegation to the ninth national games of the people 's republic of china said today ( march 24 ) : " it is the first time hong kong is given the honour of hosting preliminary matches for the national games .
zhou wenzhong said : the overseas chinese communities and organizations in canberra take a correct and unambiguous position in opposing " falungong 's " participation in the multiple cultural festival in canberra , stopping " falungong 's " activities in the period of the sydney olympic games , and resolutely supporting the chinese government 's action of banning " falungong . "
zhou wenzhong said : the overseas chinese communities and organizations in canberra take a correct and unambiguous position in opposing " falungong 's " participation in the multiple cultural festival in canberra , stopping " falungong 's " activities in the period of the sydney olympic games , and resolutely supporting the chinese government 's action of banning " falungong . "
the performance of the female competitors of the chinese diving team , mingxia fu and bin chi , in the first 6 rounds of the 10 - meter platform diving preliminary competition at the seventh world swimming championships held here today was ideal , and hopes of entering the heats are in sight .
beijing mayor liu qi said : in his report , zhu rongji offered support for beijing 's bid to host the 2008 olympic games . this shows the cordial concern and forceful support of the party and state for beijing 's efforts , as well as represents a solemn commitment made to the world by prime minister zhu rongji on behalf of the people throughout the country . we are profoundly encouraged .
beijing mayor liu qi said : in his report , zhu rongji offered support for beijing 's bid to host the 2008 olympic games . this shows the cordial concern and forceful support of the party and state for beijing 's efforts , as well as represents a solemn commitment made to the world by prime minister zhu rongji on behalf of the people throughout the country . we are profoundly encouraged .
the 5 th east asian games bid committee and the leisure and cultural service department will launch a signature campaign at the piazza of the hong kong cultural centre at 9.30 am on october 5 ( sunday ) in support of hong kong 's bid to host the east asian games in 2009 .
actually , in promoting sports at the district level , the district councils can be responsible for the management of sports venues , promoting sports - for - all with sports associations , inviting participation from schools in the districts and allowing nearby schools of smaller scale and without sports facilities to use the sports facilities in the district so as to make better use of resources . the district councils and the sports associations may also jointly select athletes with potentials in district competitions and recommend these athletes for continuous training .
the article points out that the influence of the olympic games is ever growing . while the olympic spirit has taken root in the hearts of people , the spirit of " being quicker , higher , and stronger " has yet to be fully carried forward . in the face of the new century and new millennium , the olympics should disseminate their ideals with greater courage and perseverance while trying to improve themselves .
the article points out that the influence of the olympic games is ever growing . while the olympic spirit has taken root in the hearts of people , the spirit of " being quicker , higher , and stronger " has yet to be fully carried forward . in the face of the new century and new millennium , the olympics should disseminate their ideals with greater courage and perseverance while trying to improve themselves .
with this information in mind and the upcoming 1988 olympic games just under two years away , the republic of china 's selection training committee has emphasized intensive training programs and support in 12 sports considered to be those athletic events with the most potential for international and olympic success .
beijing mayor liu qi said : in his report , zhu rongji offered support for beijing 's bid to host the 2008 olympic games . this shows the cordial concern and forceful support of the party and state for beijing 's efforts , as well as represents a solemn commitment made to the world by prime minister zhu rongji on behalf of the people throughout the country . we are profoundly encouraged .
the bid committee , formed in august by government officials and the sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong , china ( sf & oc ) , is gearing up to present hong kong 's case before the east asian games association in macau early november , before the association announces its decision .
noting with satisfaction the flying of the united nations flag at all competition sites of the olympic games and the increasing number of joint endeavours of the international olympic committee and the united nations system , for example in the fields of development , humanitarian assistance , protection of the environment , health promotion , education , eradication of poverty , the fight against aids , drug abuse , violence and juvenile delinquency ,
it was the organization of african unity ( oau ) , of which algeria is currently chairman , which in 1993 , at the request of the african sport movement , introduced two draft resolutions , one dealing with the building of a peaceful and better world through sport and the olympic ideal , and the other with the proclamation of 1994 as the international year for sports and the olympic ideal , to mark the centenary of the foundation of the international olympic committee .
it was the organization of african unity ( oau ) , of which algeria is currently chairman , which in 1993 , at the request of the african sport movement , introduced two draft resolutions , one dealing with the building of a peaceful and better world through sport and the olympic ideal , and the other with the proclamation of 1994 as the international year for sports and the olympic ideal , to mark the centenary of the foundation of the international olympic committee .
china and the united states reached new agreement on china 's entry into the wto , the united states indicated that it had no objection to china 's holding the 2008 olympic games . officials of the white house and the state department have repeatedly expressed that the united states does not regard china as an enemy , and the hope that bush 's visit to china can be realized and that china and the united states can maintain " a good relationship . "
china and the united states reached new agreement on china 's entry into the wto , the united states indicated that it had no objection to china 's holding the 2008 olympic games . officials of the white house and the state department have repeatedly expressed that the united states does not regard china as an enemy , and the hope that bush 's visit to china can be realized and that china and the united states can maintain " a good relationship . "
members have also been advised that there will be no change in the working relationship of the board with sports organizations and the amateur sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong . the latter will continue to decide on hong kong 's participation in overseas competition , and select potential team members for training at the institute .
in fierce olympic competition , the chinese olympic athletes showed a spirit of tenacious struggle and exquisite , consummate skill . they displayed the constant dedication of the chinese people to become ever stronger . they embodied the strong confidence and power of the chinese people standing among the peoples of the world , and let ring an exalted , bravely advancing patriotic song of victory .
his congratulatory letters were sent to mr so wa wai who won a gold medal in the men 's 200 metre athletic event and messrs chan kam loi , fung yung ki , hui charn hung and kwong wai ip , who together won a gold medal in the men 's team foil event .
considering the dramatic slide of the exchange rate for the us dollar in recent years , tyagachev , the former mountain ski coach born in the suburbs of moscow , proposed that the russian prime minister announce that starting from the beijing olympics , russia 's gold , silver and bronze medalists can be awarded 100,000 euros ( equivalent to about rmb 1.07 million yuan ) , 60,000 euros , and 40,000 euros respectively .
more than 10 000 athletes , some honourable members just now mentioned 15 000 athletes , coaches and administrators could be expected to take part in such games , and a package of appropriate accommodation and transportation arrangements will have to be put in place to meet their needs .
noting with satisfaction the flying of the united nations flag at all competition sites of the olympic games and the increasing number of joint endeavours of the international olympic committee and the united nations system , for example in the fields of development , humanitarian assistance , protection of the environment , health promotion , education , eradication of poverty , the fight against aids , drug abuse , violence and juvenile delinquency ,
the institute will be able to operate independently within the overall policy parameters laid down by the sdb . it will continue to work closely with the amateur sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong , as well as the national sports associations , in the pursuit of excellence in sports .
however , yen wan - chin held : when both sides of the strait join the world trade organization [ wto ] , when beijing strives to attain the right to host the olympic games , and when mainland china hosts the asia - pacific economic cooperation [ apec ] conference and other relevant meetings , both sides of the strait may use these good opportunities to facilitate interactions or to carry out official dialogues .
the athletes were : miss lee lai - shan who has struck gold in the women 's windsurfing ( international mistral class organisation ) event ; mr wong tak - sum , who won the silver medal in the men 's windsurfing ( raceboard lightweight ) event ; and miss rebecca chiu wing - yin , who came second in the women 's squash event .
the olympic torch relay is a message of hope , oh , that is , it should not turn into a , ah , something , uh , an appeal for other purposes , so can look at these events , ah , from several perspectives of sports movement , ah , and hope that this , uh , all events connected with the olympics can go off smoothly in accordance with the , ah , guiding principles of the olympics , uh .
when members of the evaluation delegation of the international olympic committee successively arrived in beijing , whether the olympic spirit - - races and national boundaries - - which is above geographical conditions , can link the two sides of the strait for a " reconciliation [ he jie ] " or not will be the concern of people .
the secretary for health , welfare and food , dr york chow , will leave tomorrow ( august 29 ) for a four - day visit to germany to learn more about horse import arrangements and the health and welfare of horses in competition , to prepare for the olympic and paralympic equestrian events in hong kong in 2008 .
iv . for any individual or organization who interferes with , disrupts , boycotts , or impedes the beijing olympic games , an investigation will be issued , facts on their illegal criminal activity will be disseminated on the internet , an internet movement will be started , condemnation and criticism will be launched against them , and the participation of more and more web users will be pursued , gaining their support .
members of the organising committee for the preparation of the hong kong special administrative region delegation to the 9th national games will leave for guangzhou today ( march 28 ) for a two - day visit to familiarise themselves with the facilities provided and the arrangements made for the 9th national games scheduled to be held there in november .
i cannot imagine that seeing the " pomp " of the olympic torch relay conducted under the protection of strong police force , chinese people would still believe such lies as those promoted by the authorities that " wherever the olympic torch goes , it is warmly welcomed by the peoples of various countries around the world . "
having raced to a gold in the 200 meters at the world college games this july , wang hui - chen has attained the greatest success in the history of r . o . c track and field . yet she has never received any foreign instruction nor been trained at foreign schools or institutions . she is an entirely " home - grown " gold medal winner .
the 150 - strong delegation will comprise 89 athletes , 34 sports officials , members of the sports community and government officials . it will be led by the secretary for home affairs , dr patrick ho ; the president of the sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong , china , the hon . timothy fok and the director of leisure and cultural services , ms anissa wong .
since the air collision took place , some us congressmen have been taking the opportunity to make a fuss ; particularly , some anti-china congressmen have taken an extremist course and even have proposed terminating trade with china . a few days ago , the us congress adopted a number of anti-china bills , including a bill to block china from hosting the 2008 olympic games .
since the air collision took place , some us congressmen have been taking the opportunity to make a fuss ; particularly , some anti-china congressmen have taken an extremist course and even have proposed terminating trade with china . a few days ago , the us congress adopted a number of anti-china bills , including a bill to block china from hosting the 2008 olympic games .
a cylinder shaped balloon , on which the emblems of beijing and the five ring pattern of the olympic games are painted , hangs in the spacecraft capsule . beautiful music , children 's stories , comic dialog extracts , an introduction to the progress of chinese manned space flight , and other such splendid broadcasts resound enduringly upon the oceans from the spacecraft .
a cylinder shaped balloon , on which the emblems of beijing and the five ring pattern of the olympic games are painted , hangs in the spacecraft capsule . beautiful music , children 's stories , comic dialog extracts , an introduction to the progress of chinese manned space flight , and other such splendid broadcasts resound enduringly upon the oceans from the spacecraft .
xinhua news agency , manila , june 15 ( reporter guo chunju ) - according to a report by philippines news agency on the 15th , ching kwok ng , the president of the philippines track and field association , stated that philippine track and field athletes are expected to win 15 gold medals in next year 's southeast asian games .
in the competitions themselves , the men 's archery squad unexpectedly beat one opponent after another , making it into the gold medal round against south korea , the undisputed no . 1 team in the world . ultimately they lost to south korea , 244-251 , but nonetheless came away with the silver medal .
more foreign specialists are expected to be invited to work in the capital as a result of beijing 's successful bid to hold the olympic games in 2008 and china 's entry into the world trade organization ( wto ) , said a senior official with state administration of foreign experts affairs .
this morning , party and state leaders , hu jintao , wu bangguo , wen jiabao , jia qinglin , li changchun , xi jinping , li keqiang , he guoqiang , and zhou yongkang came to beijing olympic forest park and planted trees together with olympic volunteers representing model workers of the capital and young pioneers .
by hosting the universiade , we should train , cultivate and identify high - quality personnel , accumulate experience in hosting large - scale sports meets , and accelerate beijing 's construction of the social , cultural and language environment . by making this session of the universiade better than any other , we illustrate beijing 's ability , determination and confidence to make the 2008 olympics better than any other .
a successful bid to host the games would no doubt have a positive , stimulating effect on local sports and culture , and would stimulate the socio - economic activities in such aspects as infrastructure , tourism and the retail trade . in addition , hosting the asian games successfully would tremendously elevate the international image of a region .
noting with satisfaction the flying of the united nations flag at all competition sites of the olympic games and the increasing number of joint endeavours of the international olympic committee and the united nations system , for example in the fields of development , humanitarian assistance , protection of the environment , health promotion , education , eradication of poverty , the fight against aids , drug abuse , violence and juvenile delinquency ,
the hong kong special administrative region delegation to the 9th national games of the people 's republic of china today ( november 13 ) hosted a reception banquet at the convention centre of the white swan hotel in guangzhou for various participating parties . parties invited included officials from the state sport general administration of china , the organising committee members of the 9th national games , delegations from other provinces , municipalities and organizations ; and the international olympic committee ( ioc ) members .
xinhua news agency , manila , june 15 ( reporter guo chunju ) according to a report by philippines news agency on the 15 th , ching kwok ng , the president of the philippines track and field association , stated that philippine track and field athletes are expected to win 15 gold medals in next year 's southeast asian games .
furthermore , rules and regulations governing the selection of athletes to participate in international events should also be formulated with a view to mitigating any possible discontent about this among those in the sports sector . incidentally , some members of the amateur sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong have served in that body for quite a long time .
according to our understanding , the total prize money for the three - day 2007 women 's table tennis world cup amounts to 135,000 us dollars . a total of 16 players will participate in the competition , and all of them are global first - class athletes . they include the top eight players in the world , continental champions from the six major continents , and players participating in the competition with an ittf card .
powell 's agent , doyle , revealed to the media on the 28th that this time powell will forgo competition at least until the end of june . he will miss several competitions , including those in doha and oslo , but the respite from competition will not influence his preparations to compete at the beijing olympics in august .
along the london route of the olympic torch relay that day , some tibetan separatists carrying the snow lion flags continuously attacked the torch relay team . some of them even rushed to the torch - bearer to seize the torch , but all were prevented in time by the london police . in regard to the behavior , one of the torch - bearers that day , former british tennis player tim henman , said -
" winners of selected events may be invited to participate in the asia pacific masters games to be held in gold coast , australia , in october next year . however , those who have represented the two councils four times or more in the overseas masters games will not be considered , " he added .
at 20:30 , the plane carrying the beijing olympic games bidding delegation moved slowing into the parking apron and stopped in front of the red carpet . grinning from ear to ear , li lanqing stepped down the gangway ladder . at this moment , the welcoming crowds rejoiced by cheering and waving colorful flags and flowers , and people expressed by excitement and elation by all means .
the beijing office will strive to establish early contact with the beijing organizing committee of olympic games once it is formed and continue with the promotion work ; and ( iii ) the beijing office and the tdc have been actively liaising with the relevant mainland authorities and will disseminate the latest business information to the sar government and business sector in hong kong . for instance , the tdc has published special reports setting out the business opportunities brought by the beijing olympics .
by hosting the universiade , we should train , cultivate and identify high - quality personnel , accumulate experience in hosting large - scale sports meets , and accelerate beijing 's construction of the social , cultural and language environment . by making this session of the universiade better than any other , we illustrate beijing 's ability , determination and confidence to make the 2008 olympics better than any other .
next let 's look at the domestic collectibles market . since the end of last year , prices for olympic gold and silver coins , stamps and commemorative coins have dropped to different degrees , where olympic gold and silver coins have slid about 20 percent in prices since the end of last year . let 's learn about the details .
at 2030 , the plane carrying the beijing olympic games bidding delegation moved slowing into the parking apron and stopped in front of the red carpet . grinning from ear to ear , li lanqing stepped down the gangway ladder . at this moment , the welcoming crowds rejoiced by cheering and waving colorful flags and flowers , and people expressed by excitement and elation by all means .
however , yen wan - chin held : when both sides of the strait join the world trade organization [ wto ] , when beijing strives to attain the right to host the olympic games , and when mainland china hosts the asia - pacific economic cooperation [ apec ] conference and other relevant meetings , both sides of the strait may use these good opportunities to facilitate interactions or to carry out official dialogues .
at this olympics , jamaica could possibly be the " dark horse " in track and field , with champion hopefuls in men 's 100 meters ( bolt , powell ) , 200 meters ( bolt ) and women 's 200 meters . in addition , it has strength capable of competing with america in men 's and women 's 4x100 - meter relays .
although some positive phenomena which have been expected for a long time appeared in sino - us relations in july : the aircraft collision incident was finally resolved ; bush uttered remarks supporting the development of trade relations with china ; the us government did not obstruct beijing 's bid for hosting the olympic games ;
speaking at the reception , head of hksar delegation , mr timothy fok tsun - ting said : " this reception provides a valuable opportunity not only for all of us to gather every four years for the national games , the participation by the ioc members will make people understand more about our sport development in china so as to enhance their confidence in the 2008 olympic games in beijing .
if the dalai really wants to negotiate with the central government and become a member of the motherland 's " one big family , " he should stop all incitement of violent and destructive beating , smashing , looting , and burning activities immediately , stop all interference and sabotage against the beijing olympic games , and stop all activities that split tibet away from the motherland .
in fierce olympic competition , the chinese olympic athletes showed a spirit of tenacious struggle and exquisite , consummate skill . they displayed the constant dedication of the chinese people to become ever stronger . they embodied the strong confidence and power of the chinese people standing among the peoples of the world , and let ring an exalted , bravely advancing patriotic song of victory .
qian xiaoxin , a military cadre from beijing , said that just as the entire nation 's people were jubilantly and joyously celebrating the 51st anniversary of the founding of the people 's republic of china , and china 's great athletes were gaining brilliant successes at the 27th olympic games , a small number of " falungong " practitioners unexpectedly raced off to tiananmen square to carry out activities of illegal gathering , stirring up trouble , and creating disturbances .
a spokesman for the organising committee for the preparation of the hong kong special administrative region delegation to the ninth national games of the people 's republic of china said today ( march 24 ) : " it is the first time hong kong is given the honour of hosting preliminary matches for the national games .
the beijing olympic flame arrived in istanbul , turkey . major city highways within the entire country are all ready to meet the peak of visitors and burning sacrifices for the people 's ancestors ' grave for the tomb sweeping festival . the russian foreign minister said that russia would make every effort to prevent the plan to recognize kosovo 's independence .
more than 70 overseas chinese groups in southern california held a grand evening party on 27 august to greet prc ambassador yang jiechi and his wife on their visit to los angeles and celebrate beijing 's successful olympic games bid . this was the most enthusiastic gathering of overseas chinese in southern california since the celebration to mark the 50th anniversary of the prc in 1999 .
the chief executive , mr tung chee hwa , said that the hong kong special administrative region team has made a good start today ( monday ) with our cycling athlete , mr brian cook , winning a bronze medal in the men 's cycling ( mountain bike down hill ) event in the 13th asian games being held in bangkok .
xinhua news agency , guangzhou on january 7 sports special ( reporter jia wenjun ) with the start of the official winter training of chinese female ping pong national players in zhongshan , the male all - around champion kong linghui also officially welcomed in his own coaching career . asian games three - time gold medalist guo yue and young guangdong player liu shiwen became the first batch of frontline team members under his charge .
although some positive phenomena which have been expected for a long time appeared in sino - us relations in july : the aircraft collision incident was finally resolved ; bush uttered remarks supporting the development of trade relations with china ; the us government did not obstruct beijing 's bid for hosting the olympic games ;
awareness of the bid for the games must be heightened , and every opportunity must be seized . with 100 times the confidence , and extraordinary effort , we must purposefully implement the arrangements of the central committee , do an outstanding job of the bid for the olympics and make progress all across the board . this is the way to achieve the goal " to hasten development through the bid for the olympics and to use development to help the bid for the olympics . "
it is a pity that sports have persistently been ignored in hong kong . although the people of hong kong love ball games and are enthusiastic about such international sports events as the olympics , asian games , and so on , most of them do not have much interest in actual participation . they are merely spectators . coupled with the economic depression plaguing hong kong in recent years and severe pressure faced by hong kong people in work and daily lives , sport has gradually become a luxury .
" the hong kong special administrative region government , the sports sector and the people of hong kong will work together to stage a successful 2009 east asian games , " mr tsang said after receiving the flag from the secretary for home affairs , dr patrick ho and chairman of the 5 th east asian games planning committee , mr timothy fok .
at 6 p.m. , local time , the last torch - bearer holding the torch arrived at the site of the celebratory ceremony , peninsula square outside the millennium , completing the entire relay . immediately after , the beijing olympic flame was placed on a special plane and left london for the next relay stop , paris , france .
same as previous years , the 1998 corporate games featured 18 sports events including mini-soccer ( seven - a - side ) , snooker , tennis , squash , badminton , soccer ( 11 - a - side ) , basketball , angling , beach volleyball , ten - pin bowling , long distance run , orienteering , water carnival , lawn bowls , track and field , table tennis , swimming and fun games .
in addition , fok tsun - ting expressed his satisfaction with the olympic torch relay test and its smooth process . he believes that in the end there won n't be any need for major changes in the route . however , he did not rule out the possibility of shortening the route and moving the olympic torch relay indoors in the event of adverse weather .
the 13th asian games were held in bangkok , thailand from december 6-20 , 1998 . under the leadership of team director tang ming - hsin , the chinese taipei delegation collected 19 gold medals , 17 silvers , and 41 bronzes , far exceeding their tally of seven golds , 12 silvers , and 24 bronzes at the 12th asian games held in 1994 in hiroshima .
beijing must continue to make efforts , and regard its olympic bid as a fine opportunity to create a still more splendid environment , provide outstanding services in many respects , and maintain good social order , so as to display to the people of the world spiritual features of prosperity and vitality .
speaking at the reception held today ( thursday ) in the hong kong park indoor games hall to celebrate the victory return of the delegation , team leader provisional urban councillor mr tommy cheung yu - yan praised the outstanding achievements of the local athletes and their devotion to win glory for hong kong .
madam president , i am not worried that hong kong may not have sufficient talents or facilities in sports to meet the challenge of the asian games , but i am most worried that the government may dare not make the first step or compete with others , that it may have stage fright when bidding for hosting the asian games or it may admit failure even before the competition starts .
more than 70 overseas chinese groups in southern california held a grand evening party on 27 august to greet prc ambassador yang jiechi and his wife on their visit to los angeles and celebrate beijing 's successful olympic games bid . this was the most enthusiastic gathering of overseas chinese in southern california since the celebration to mark the 50th anniversary of the prc in 1999 .
the mayor of montreal had been dreaming of bringing the olympics to the city since the mid - sixties . although his dream did come true finally , the cost for hosting the games was much higher than originally estimated . while the cost was estimated at us $125 million in 1970 , a re-estimation made in 1972 raised the figure to us $310 million .
san francisco is the sixth leg of the current olympic torch relay outside china . according to arrangements , the torch will begin a one and a half hour relay in san francisco at 1 p.m. on the 9th u.s. pacific standard time , which will be 4 a.m. on the 10th beijing time .
firstly , now that hong kong is planning to consider building a large sporting stadium and the coupling facilities , it should try its best to attract the hosting of large sporting events such as the asian games to give full play to the functions of the facilities and generate the greatest benefits . secondly , hosting the asian games can stimulate the professional sports standard in hong kong and further promote the public 's participation in sports , while this forms the focus for the government 's sports policy .
for the 1994 asian games , hiroshima turned a deficit of as much as us $30 million . as regards the asian games held in bangkok last year , partly due to the inefficient management of the hosting body , and partly due to the financial turmoil as well as other factors , the tickets for the games did not sell as well as expected . in the end , not only the tickets prices had to be cut down to boost sale , the thai government were also obliged to provide an additional injection of 1 billion baht to enable the games to be held as planned .
the joint endeavours of the united nations and the international olympic committee ( ioc ) , such as recent meetings on sport against drugs , sport and the environment and sport for all and health for all , are among the reasons we support and invite other states to support draft resolution a /50/ l .15 on building a peaceful and better world through sport and the olympic ideal .
the report stresses that whether or not washington and beijing can steadily develop their relations in the future has to be observed from how they handle the aircraft collision incident , the united states ' arms sales to taiwan , the pntr issue , washington 's support to beijing in hosting the olympic games in 2008 , jiang zemin 's forthcoming trip to russia , and president bush 's visit to china .
the report stresses that whether or not washington and beijing can steadily develop their relations in the future has to be observed from how they handle the aircraft collision incident , the united states ' arms sales to taiwan , the pntr issue , washington 's support to beijing in hosting the olympic games in 2008 , jiang zemin 's forthcoming trip to russia , and president bush 's visit to china .
in response to the unease expressed by some members of the sports community , i should mention that the intended merger notwithstanding , the important role of the amateur sports federation and olympic committee and national sports associations as the sole representatives of hong kong sports in the international arena will be upheld .
4 . reaffirms the declaration and programme of action on a culture of peace , adopted in its resolution 53/243 , and in this context welcomes the decision of the international olympic committee to mobilize all international sports organizations and national olympic committees of the member states to undertake concrete action at the local , national , regional and world levels to promote and strengthen a culture of peace based on the spirit of the olympic truce ;
( a ) the amount of public funds spent on sports over the past five years ; the main recipients of such funds and the standard of performance of local athletes in international competitions during the period ; and ( b ) the relationship between the government , the amateur sports federation and the olympic committee of hong kong ; and the committee 's role in the promotion of sports ?
and in december , less than 2 years ago , i was privileged to witness our sportsmen and women in action at the bangkok asian games , where they captured a total of five gold , six silver and six bronze - altogether 17 medals , far and away hong kong 's best ever performance at a major international games .
the hosting of the olympic games and entry to the world trade organization are bound to redouble the strength of the chinese economy , which is already developing in a sound and rapid manner . china 's overall national strength and international status will certainly grow rapidly , thus laying a solid material foundation for the reunification of the motherland .
last year , when the heavenly sound of ami tribal singing rang out from a promotional video for the olympic games , the lead singers , difag and others from malan in taitung county , suddenly became news personalities , and recordings of ami music became hot sellers on the record market .
the postmaster general , mr luk ping - chuen , announced today ( june 4 ) that in support of beijing 's bid for hosting the 2008 olympic games , the china national philatelic corporation of mainland has collaborated with hongkong post to issue a set of two mini-panes of the " personal greetings stamps " .
the team also collected three golds each in both the taekwondo and billiards competitions . in the water , 17 year - old tsai shu - min proceeded to strike gold in the women 's 200 meter freestyle , marking the first time a taiwanese athlete has taken first place in an official international swimming event .
mr fred li : madam president , mr andrew cheng has spoken on behalf of the democratic party the factors that should be considered in bidding to host the asian games . if the government can formulate sports policies and establish a sound sports framework to allow hong kong people to attach more importance to a sports culture and nurture outstanding sports talents at the same time when it builds additional sports facilities and evaluates the effects on our economy , then it will give a greater degree of significance to hosting the asian games .
it is understood that compared with its bid for the 2000 olympiad in 1993 , beijing 's chances of success have greatly increased this time . beijing has drawn on the lessons of the last failure in 1993 for its bidding strategy while gradually abandoning the interference of politics in sports .
it is understood that compared with its bid for the 2000 olympiad in 1993 , beijing 's chances of success have greatly increased this time . beijing has drawn on the lessons of the last failure in 1993 for its bidding strategy while gradually abandoning the interference of politics in sports .
beijing must continue to make efforts , and regard its olympic bid as a fine opportunity to create a still more splendid environment , provide outstanding services in many respects , and maintain good social order , so as to display to the people of the world spiritual features of prosperity and vitality .
beijing must continue to make efforts , and regard its olympic bid as a fine opportunity to create a still more splendid environment , provide outstanding services in many respects , and maintain good social order , so as to display to the people of the world spiritual features of prosperity and vitality .
selling shares whenever prices rise depresses space for rebound based on this week 's broad market trends , there is an unusually obvious sign that people are selling their shares whenever prices rise . and as the olympic - themed stocks completely recede , the market expectations of rebound of the olympic - themed stocks are gradually waning .
dr ho said a preliminary feasibility assessment has found that hong kong is capable of hosting the games with about 20 competition events and the participation of 2,000 athletes from 11 countries or territories by using or upgrading the existing venues and by supplementing these venues with additional temporary works .
however , yen wan - chin held : when both sides of the strait join the world trade organization [ wto ] , when beijing strives to attain the right to host the olympic games , and when mainland china hosts the asia - pacific economic cooperation [ apec ] conference and other relevant meetings , both sides of the strait may use these good opportunities to facilitate interactions or to carry out official dialogues .
to better prepare for the olympic and paralympic equestrian events in 2008 , an experienced consultant will be seconded from the state general administration of the quality supervision , inspection and quarantine ( aqsiq ) to the hong kong special administrative region government to assist in the inspection and quarantine work of equestrian horses .
that resolution reflects the historic , solemn appeal addressed by the president of the general assembly to all states to observe the olympic truce during the games of the xxvi olympiad , to strive towards building lasting peace , whether or not they happened to be parties to a confrontation , and to focus their thoughts and actions on the principles and ideals to which the ekecheria and the olympic movement seek to propagate .
the four badminton players included mr chen gang , gold medallist in men 's singles in the 8th national games of the people 's republic of china and title holder of the asian championship in 1996 and world youth championship in 1994 ; ms xie qiong , second runner - up of national youth championship in 2000 ; mr chen yin - jian who ranked third in national youth championship in 1999 ; and ms li xian , third runner - up of women 's singles in the 8th national games of the people 's republic of china and ranked eighth in the national championship in 1999 .
with the planned completion of the disney theme park in 2005 , the continuous relaxation of the mainland tourism policy , china 's accession to the world trade organization and its success in winning the right to host the olympic games , i trust that there would be a drastic increase in the demand for employees in the tourism industry .
with these developments , the name " sports centre " is no longer appropriate . on the other hand , " sports institute " would more appropriately reflect the jubilee sports centre 's role in providing a range of comprehensive sport services aimed to assist high performance athletes , coaches and technical officials in their pursuit for excellence .
according to organizers , the service activities of the beijing olympics community volunteers during the " two sessions " are a concentrated test prior to the olympics . they not only aimed to build a harmonious social atmosphere for the victoriously convening of the " two sessions " , but also to provide practical experience and further perfect community volunteer work organization mechanisms for the next step , which is the full - scale launching of volunteer services during the olympics .
( a ) it knows the maximum and minimum amount of subsistence grant provided to athletes by the hong kong sports institute at present , the respective criteria adopted for setting and paying such amount , and whether the amount received by individual athletes are linked to their achievements in international sports events ;
the hong kong police force won the title of overall champion following the four - month competitions in 16 territory - wide sports and recreational events . the first runner - up and second runner - up were awarded respectively to the wayfoong sports club and correctional services department sports association .
the hosting of the olympic games and entry to the world trade organization are bound to redouble the strength of the chinese economy , which is already developing in a sound and rapid manner . china 's overall national strength and international status will certainly grow rapidly , thus laying a solid material foundation for the reunification of the motherland .
eighty - six - year - old [ kaimaer xielike ] is a retired officer and is the oldest torchbearer in the istanbul torch relay event . [ xielike ] said that he was proud to be a torchbearer , and wished a successful olympic games in china . the chinese ambassador to turkey , sun guoxiang , is also one of the torchbearers in istanbul . he is the 50th one , and he will start from the middle point of the bosphorus strait bridge .
qian xiaoxin , a military cadre from beijing , said that just as the entire nation 's people were jubilantly and joyously celebrating the 51st anniversary of the founding of the people 's republic of china , and china 's great athletes were gaining brilliant successes at the 27th olympic games , a small number of " falungong " practitioners unexpectedly raced off to tiananmen square to carry out activities of illegal gathering , stirring up trouble , and creating disturbances .
( a ) at present , the hong kong sports institute ( hksi ) provides subsistence grant to full - time athletes mainly through three funding sources that it administers , namely , hksi monthly stipends , sports aid foundation fund ( saff ) , and sports aid for the disabled fund ( sadf ) which caters for the disabled athletes .
this year , for instance , the commemorative stamps issued included commemorative stamps for the year of the rat , stamps on the 1996 olympic games , commemorative stamps on archaeological finds in hong kong , commemorative stamps on hong kong mountains and commemorative stamps on urban heritage in hong kong . these are the commemorative stamps that i referred to just now .
madam president , today 's motion urges the government to bid for hosting the 2006 asian games and build a lurge sports complex for this purpose . it intends to use the hosting of an international sporting event as an incentive to turn around the enduring concept of laying stress on money making and overlooking sports .
in respect of the development of sports and recreation , first of all , i would like to welcome the pledge made by the government earlier to set up the hong kong athletes fund , which is an important step forward in promoting sports and raising the standards of hong kong athletes .
the travel of the " human rights sacred flame " has been such a disorderly , nauseating , artificial farce from its grand beginning , the performance lead many tibetan separatists and anti-china elements to participate in boycotting the beijing olympic games , to encountering rejection , it gradually disappeared . one reason is not difficult to understand : first and foremost , whether or not the " human rights sacred flame " is legal .
fan gang said : the olympic games themselves will generate enormous demand and increase china 's economic growth , which will increase the confidence of local and foreign investors ; this , in turn , will help china deal with the problem of insufficient domestic demand , which so far has not been thoroughly solved .
fan gang said : the olympic games themselves will generate enormous demand and increase china 's economic growth , which will increase the confidence of local and foreign investors ; this , in turn , will help china deal with the problem of insufficient domestic demand , which so far has not been thoroughly solved .
olympic athletes , and i should like in particular to mention several who are here today , such as the triple olympic champion johann olaf koss and gymnastics champions nadia comaneci and bart conner who spoke earlier in this meeting have already taken the initiative of pointing the way in this area by joining together in the american association spirit of hope , determined to devote their dynamism to the service of humanitarian causes and to lend their energy , over and above field of sport , to the building of a better world .
the chairman and vice-chairman of the organising committee for the preparation of the hong kong special administrative region delegation to the 9th national games , mr timothy fok tsun - ting and mr paul leung sai - wah , left for beijing today ( september 10 ) to attend tomorrow 's torch lighting ceremony of the 9th national games of the people 's republic of china .
the four visiting badminton players were gold medallist in men 's singles in the 8th national games of the people 's republic of china and title holder of the asian championship in 1996 and world youth championship in 1994 , mr chen gang ; second runner - up of national youth championship , ms xie qiong ; mr chen yinjian who ranked third in national youth championship in 1999 ; and third runner - up of women 's singles in the 8th national games of the people 's republic of china , ms li xian , who also ranked eighth in the national championship .
competitions on these events will be staged at lcsd 's venues throughout the territory starting from august . trophies will be awarded to the top four winners in each event . there will be an overall trophy for the corporation which has the highest total score in all events .
the spouse of a high level indian professional said " from the program , i could see the genuine feelings that the chinese foreign affairs official 's spouses welcoming the olympics . from this i can imagine beijing 's strong festival atmosphere and the tense preparation work of welcoming the olympics . "
our source disclosed that in 1993 , tapes on the execution of prisoners taken from court archives were sold to foreigners by two public security and court officials at the price of scores of ten thousand yuan . the tapes were " edited " and combined with documentary tapes on kidney transplants at hospitals and then handed over to the western media for repeated airing just before the international olympic committee was about to cast its vote . the negative impact was so great that it cost china its bid to host the 2000 olympic games .
the chinese nation is a people that is striving for progress after living through untold miseries and hardships . once she dedicates herself to the olympic great family , she will spare no effort and defy all hardship and difficulty in shouldering her sacred responsibility and add new life and new contributions to olympic sports .
but if they 've got their own political issues , they should solve them by other channels . they can n't use the olympics - can n't use the olympics , uh , to start some situations to - to solve them . this method i - i - i do n't approve this method .
we are particularly , particularly happy to learn that uh , the olympic torch will pass by uh , san francisco . er , it is because it is very fortunate that uh , china er , can , er can hold uh , the olympic games and it will pass by our bay area . thus , we have organized over 100 organizations to er , uh , offer congratulations in the newspaper , in er , the newspaper on uh , the success of the torch entering san francisco .
our source disclosed that in 1993 , tapes on the execution of prisoners taken from court archives were sold to foreigners by two public security and court officials at the price of scores of ten - thousand yuan . the tapes were " edited " and combined with documentary tapes on kidney transplants at hospitals and then handed over to the western media for repeated airing just before the international olympic committee was about to cast its vote . the negative impact was so great that it cost china its bid to host the 2000 olympic games .
the importance of sports development has all along been ignored in hong kong and there has been a lack of comprehensive sports policies . following the gaining of excellent results by some athletes in international events , however , the government and members of the community have started to pay attention to the importance of sports development .
i will be the first chinese torchbearer who will go from asia to europe in chinese history .- of course , i feel very excited . eh , i think china 's hosting the olympic games may let the world , eh , understand china more ; we , china , are also showing our confidence , openness , and the dynamic side of us . i believe i will be proud of our great motherland , very proud .
2. commends the international olympic committee , now in its one - hundred - and - first year , for promoting international understanding and equality among nations and thereby serving the cause of peace and the well - being of humankind by providing assistance for the development of sport and the olympic ideal ;
having said that , i must also add that we do have some reservations about the idea that hong kong should bid for the hosting of the asian games , because we think that if we are really to attach any importance to sports , we will have to do much more than simply asking people to watch ball games together . we will also have to popularize sports participation in our community , by asking many many more common people to practise sports themselves .
the torchlight that was handed down from person to person , the huge crowd of people signing their names to show their support for beijing 's bid for the olympic games , the happy yells on the great wall and hearted shouts along the huang he will all be kept in our minds forever .
with the upcoming olympic games , as a listed company , we believe that to maintain social stability and maintain the stability of the capital market are our fundamental responsibilities . we hope that through this - this action of ours , we can promote or impact all of the listed companies in the capital market .
third , we should continue to expose and criticize the nature of the " falun gong " as a heretical cult in order to enable the broad masses and the international community to understand its harmfulness . this is also one of the important conditions for ensuring the success of beijing 's applying for hosting the olympic games ( in 2008 ) .
third , we should continue to expose and criticize the nature of the " falun gong " as a heretical cult in order to enable the broad masses and the international community to understand its harmfulness . this is also one of the important conditions for ensuring the success of beijing 's applying for hosting the olympic games ( in 2008 ) .
the chinese nation is a people that is striving for progress after living through untold miseries and hardships . once she dedicates herself to the olympic great family , she will spare no effort and defy all hardship and difficulty in shouldering her sacred responsibility and add new life and new contributions to olympic sports .
the report stresses that whether or not washington and beijing can steadily develop their relations in the future has to be observed from how they handle the aircraft collision incident , the united states ' arms sales to taiwan , the pntr [ permanent normal trade relations ] issue , washington 's support to beijing in hosting the olympic games in 2008 , jiang zemin 's forthcoming trip to russia , and president bush 's visit to china .
they include the setting up of 18 district basketball teams for boys aged 13 - 15 under the district sports team programme ; the organisation of inter - district age group competitions in tennis , table tennis , badminton and swimming for different age groups ; and the launching of 1,757 training classes under the progressive swimming scheme for 25,000 young people .
i have learnt that it is the practice of the leisure and cultural services department ( lcsd ) to require applicants for using its venues to hold territory - wide sports events must have the prior consent of the relevant national sports associations ( nsas ) of the sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong , china ( sf & oc ) .
more than 400 guests from hong kong , macao and overseas attended the hong kong night organised by the 5 th east asian games planning committee ( eagpc ) at the macau tower convention and entertainment centre tonight ( october 30 ) to show support for hong kong 's hosting of the games in 2009 .
africa 's interest in the olympic movement and its devotion to the values it carries date back to the beginning of this century , when , despite the constraints and restrictions , african athletes , under the flags of the colonial powers of that time , wrote in gold letters on the olympic pantheon the name of a continent which had irreversibly awoken to history .
africa 's interest in the olympic movement and its devotion to the values it carries date back to the beginning of this century , when , despite the constraints and restrictions , african athletes , under the flags of the colonial powers of that time , wrote in gold letters on the olympic pantheon the name of a continent which had irreversibly awoken to history .
jia qinglin , member of the cpc central committee political bureau and secretary of the beijing municipal cpc committee , has said that in 2001 , beijing 's law - enforcement work must focus on maintaining social and political stability , making it a priority political task . it is necessary to create a favorable environment for beijing 's bid for the 2008 olympic games and to provide an substantial guarantee for the trouble - free fulfillment of the " 10th five - year " plan .
uh - huh . we specifically invited the six guests , there is a white board in front of you to talk about this , what do you think is the biggest effect brought by the 10th national games , that the 10th national games are to be held in jiangsu ?
on the 22nd , police commissioner tang king shing attended a meeting of sham shui po district council . in response to some organizations hoping to assume the role of protection on the day of the torch relay in hong kong , he said that he was happy to see citizens actively participating in the olympic torch relay activities through which , he believes , citizens can experience the olympic spirit and share the joy .
mr chan wing - chan : madam president , while the motion moved by mr timothy fok today urges the government to " designate land for the building of a multi-purpose stadium for the hosting of the 2006 asian games " , the sf & oc has also submitted to the government a letter of intent on bidding for the asian games .
the purpose of the bill is to expand the membership of the hong kong sports development board ( sdb ) from 13 at present to a maximum of 17 to allow experts and other people from the community to advise the sdb . the bill also proposes to change the name of the amateur sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong to the sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong , china ( sfoc ) on the recommendation of the sfoc .
alongside these notable achievements , the activities undertaken by countries through sports associations and the olympic movement have contributed decisively to the creation of a sports culture among millions of people , who are searching , through sports , for physical well - being , social contacts , contact with nature or merely an escape from the stress of daily life .
sophia lin / photos by p . j . chen / tr . by peter eberly ) besides baseball , taekwondo is another event in which the r . o . c . team has a good chance of winning a medal at this year 's olympics , partly because the competition is divided into weight classes where orientals have a chance to compete on a more equal footing with westerners , who are usually bigger and taller . "
the four table tennis players included mr kong ling - hui and mr liu guo - liang , champions in men 's team in the 2001 world table tennis championships ; ms li ju , champion in women 's team and women 's doubles in the 2001 world table tennis championships ; and ms zhang ying - ying , second runner - up in women 's doubles in the 2001 world table tennis championships .
in a congratulatory message to the president of the amateur sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong , china , mr timothy fok , mr tung said : " this is a very good start for the hksar team . i am sure that under your outstanding leadership , our athletes will continue to bring honour to hong kong .
when selecting athletes to represent hong kong , the national sports associations ensure that : ( a ) the selection process is open and fair ; ( b ) the procedures are publicized to all registered players , members and member clubs within a reasonable timeframe ; ( c ) all national competitions and the selection of participants in international games are undertaken within guidelines laid down by the respective international federation ; and ( d ) athletes must meet residential and other eligibility criteria applied by the international federation and / or the event organizer , and according to the rules and practice of the amateur sports federation and olympic committee of hong kong as meeting the necessary conditions to represent hong kong .
today , two - hundred drivers of beijing military region authorities and attached units in beijing received the first batch of driver 's licenses approved by the military rural transportation department . it is understood that the safety and environmental protection logo for driving used this year % pw will be different from those used by forces outside the district in order to ensure traffic safety in the year of the olympic games .
education and career development for high - performance athletes is another major concern of many people . as a result , the report has proposed drawing up a comprehensive athletes ' plan to provide financial , educational and career guidance support to people who wish to become full - time athletes and to provide a clear commitment to investing in athletes who have the potential to achieve excellence in sport .
in the climate of a sluggish economy over last few years , the event which was most encouraging and which could serve as an embodiment of the solidarity of the citizens , was when the whole hong kong community wholeheartedly supported beijing 's bid for hosting the olympic game .
but for all this , the team has achieved its main goal of a place in the olympics , carrying on the rising fortunes of professional baseball in taiwan . as well as the roughly 2000 - strong crowd of taiwanese baseball fans at the sapporo dome , the national team 's games were watched eagerly on tv by the fans at home , and each day 's result would be the lead story in all the major news media . the entire country was brought together in support of the team , and the emotions of a nation of baseball fans rode on the roc team 's performance .
li nina started practicing free style ski aerial techniques when she was 11 years old . after winning the gold medal in the national championships in 2000 , li nina has been predominant and became the first chinese player to win the world championships and the world cup overall champion of the year .
so , we will shortly % pw bring you a wonderful report on these four games . and many more matches will continue to be held today . from this evening till early tomorrow morning , the + last four matches in the third round of the world cup group matches will unfold .
the chief executive , mr tung chee hwa , is delighted to learn that messrs chan kwok - ming , fu ka chun and fung kwok - wai , have won the first gold medal for hong kong in the snooker teams final in the 14th busan asian games today ( october 3 ) .
the new sports section has two pages , which involves several columns , such as focus of the sports world , global sports events , straight reports on hot - spot issues , stars ' stylish bearing , and quick updates . this section will offer in a timely manner detailed reports on major sports events and affairs at home and abroad and on things related to sports stars .
the new sports section has two pages , which involves several columns , such as focus of the sports world , global sports events , straight reports on hot - spot issues , stars ' stylish bearing , and quick updates . this section will offer in a timely manner detailed reports on major sports events and affairs at home and abroad and on things related to sports stars .
if the officials in charge of sports policies are still not eager to make progress or think that the framework does not need a review or subjectively think that building sports venues alone can promote sports , how many athletes will be able to achieve good results for hong kong even if we have adequate facilities for hosting the asian games in 2006 ?
the official said that the period from 1 to 13 july will be a politically sensitive time for beijing ; people who are anti-china , or who oppose beijing hosting the olympics , and others " with ulterior motives " may take advantage of the fact that the eyes of the world are on beijing to cause incidents .
but then if you examine the record books for swimming and discover the republic of china 's women 's 4200 meters freestyle relay is a lengthy 1:12 behind the mighty east german squad 's world mark , or note that the island 's men 's high jump record holder is 14 centimeters below the existing olympic record high jump , it becomes more evident .
xinhua news agency , changchun , january 12 sports dispatch ( reporters : wang haofei , xu jiajun ) . as the opening date of the sixth asian winter games approaches , the city of changchun in jilin province is creating a rich cultural atmosphere in advance of the grand gathering through various cultural and sports activities of a large mass of people .
this special grant , held in trust by the hong kong sports development board for use by the hong kong sports institute , will go a long way to better prepare our many talented athletes for participation in major regional and international competitions in the next few years and to further develop sports science , sports medicine and other sports support services .
featuring 300 athletes from hong kong , macau and the mainland , many of whom are national , asian and world champions , the wushu sanda preliminary contest is the largest ever top - level competition of its kind and is also the first national games event ever held in hong kong . it takes place at the queen elizabeth stadium in wan chai from april 18 to 23 .
jia qinglin , member of the cpc central committee political bureau and secretary of the beijing municipal cpc committee , has said that in 2001 , beijing 's law - enforcement work must focus on maintaining social and political stability , making it a priority political task . it is necessary to create a favorable environment for beijing 's bid for the 2008 olympic games and to provide an substantial guarantee for the trouble - free fulfillment of the " 10th five - year " plan .
a team of 16 athletes , led by the provisional regional council ( pro rc ) member , mr cheng wing - kee ; and the provisional urban council ( puc ) member , mr joseph chan ; will depart for adelaide on september 23 ( thursday ) to pit themselves against their international counterparts in the 7th australian masters games .
" the new uniforms of the chinese footballers will be of style , freshness and attraction , " said zhang jilong , vice chairman of both the chinese football association and the asian football federation , who also serves as a supervisor for the soccer competitions at the current 13th asian games
no chinese gymnast ranks in the top three of the women 's four individual events . the top chinese gymnast in the world rankings is fan yue , winner of the balance beam event at last year 's world championships , who is currently fourth in the balance beam , followed by sun xiaojiao at sixth .
moreover , famous international cities have well - known athletes or football teams such as the chicago bulls in the united states and the manchester united in england . in addition to making a city more famous and giving it a better image , hosting international games also generates great economic benefits .
members of the hong kong special administrative region delegation to the 9th national games , led by the honorary head of the delegation and the chief executive , mr tung chee - hwa , departed for guangzhou today ( november 11 ) for the opening ceremony of the 9th national games to be held tonight .
a souvenir cover will be issued on january 7 , 2004 to commemorate the jockey club 3 rd inas - fid world swimming championships , a prestigious international sports event held every four years for athletes with intellectual disabilities , the postmaster general , mr allan chiang , announced today ( december 10 ) .
jia qinglin stressed : now , the ioc 's final voting for the olympic hosting city is less than 10 months away . the time is pressing while our task is heavy . leading cadres at all levels in beijing municipality should achieve unity in thinking and understanding on the basis of the spirit of the central leading comrades ' instructions .
jia qinglin stressed : now , the ioc 's final voting for the olympic hosting city is less than 10 months away . the time is pressing while our task is heavy . leading cadres at all levels in beijing municipality should achieve unity in thinking and understanding on the basis of the spirit of the central leading comrades ' instructions .
at major intersections and road sections in the vicinity of the olympic games , there are always some peddlers touting the national flags in their hands . the low prices and the appeal to their " patriotic passion " prompted some drivers waiting in lines to take out cash and buy them one after another .
the postmaster general , mr allan chiang , announced today ( may 8 ) that hongkong post would participate in the " marching forward to athens - olympic games on stamps exhibition in 2004 " to be held from may 13 to 23 , 2004 , at the exhibition gallery of the commercial press ( hk ) limited 's star house book centre .
he described the wto ministerial conference held in hong kong a few years earlier and said it was held over a relatively few number of days . however , on this occasion the olympic torch relay together with the equestrian competition extends over several months . he acknowledged that he felt pressure from the corresponding security tasks and had given his orders to the various law - enforcement departments , expressing his determination that this olympic security work should " go off without a hitch " .
the first and the second sets were issued in 1992 and 1996 respectively . this is the third set of special stamps released by hongkong post to celebrate the olympic games and the first set issued in the same theme by hksar since the handover in 1997 .
harare , august 26 , xinhua ( reporter gao shixing ) on the evening of the 25 th , zimbabwean president mugabe held a celebrating reception for coventry , the athens olympics gold medalist in the women 's 200 - meter backstroke in the zimbabwean state house , and awarded her a diplomatic passport and 50,000 us dollars .
zhou mengmeng received relevant penalty from the china billiards association a few days ago due to the conflict with teammate tian pengfei during the asian games and her withdrawal from the competition without approval . she indicated that she would ignore the penalty . the young player also told the media afterwards that the china billiards association had withheld her invitation to compete in the united states .
speaking at the launching ceremony of the sport captain programme , the acting assistant director of leisure and cultural services , mr walter shum said : " the sport captain programme aims at training up sports leaders on three sports areas , namely , sport administration , sport refereeing and assistance in sport coaching with focus on basketball , table tennis , football , volleyball and badminton .
the head of the delegation of monaco to the general assembly , his serene highness crown prince albert , who is also chairman of monaco 's olympic committee and a member of the international olympic committee , attaches the greatest importance to this fundamental mission that the two institutions share .
one hopeful prospect for the olympics is the team of chi chin - lung and chi chin - shui , who came in second at the asian games after defeating chiang chia - liang and hsu tzeng - ts ' ai of the mainland and then losing by a hair to the mainland 's ch ' en ts ' an - lung and wei ch ' ing - kuang .
in addition , portable seismographs also are employed to form temporary local networks for detailed mapping of active faults by microearthquakes . premier chiang ching - kuo received the chinese olympic athletes at kaohsiung on july 22 . he praised the athletes for their efforts in upholding the national dignity .
members of the public can enrich their knowledge of china 's olympic development and achievements , past and present , by visiting the olympic memories roving exhibition from tomorrow ( november 16 ) until late march next year at the venues of the leisure and cultural services department ( lcsd ) in 18 districts .
harare , august 26 , xinhua ( reporter gao shixing ) on the evening of the 25th , zimbabwean president mugabe held a celebrating reception for coventry , the athens olympics gold medalist in the women 's 200 - meter backstroke in the zimbabwean state house , and awarded her a diplomatic passport and 50,000 us dollars .
it is noteworthy , for instance , that the requirements of environmental management have been broadly felt in the area of trade , such as through the iso 14000 norms , and that the olympic movement , with its strict human values , has also decided to take the environment as the third dimension of its games , together with sports and culture .
speaking at a reception in honour of hong kong athletes who have won trophies in recent international events , mr lam said : " the people of hong kong have found the outstanding performance of our athletes in many international events in recent years very encouraging . their good work have firmly established hong kong 's position in the international sports arena and re-affirmed its reputation as a metropolitan city . "
furthermore , members of the community often have a misconception that athletes are low achievers . moreover , the living of professional athletes is not protected . it is not easy for them to establish a new career after retirement too . these elements , together with insufficient government support , have resulted in the failure of athletes to gain reasonable recognition in society .
the official said that the period from 1 to 13 july will be a politically sensitive time for beijing ; people who are anti-china , or who oppose beijing hosting the olympics , and others " with ulterior motives " may take advantage of the fact that the eyes of the world are on beijing to cause incidents .
all of the 540 young basketball enthusiasts representing the 18 districts , joined by respective team leaders and chairmen of the district sports associations , pledged their full support for hong kong 's bid for 2006 asian games during the inauguration ceremony of the district basketball teams this ( july 22 ) morning .
he said , " the aim of the bill is to prevent u.s. government officials , particularly the u.s. president , from attending the olympics hosted by the communist china . and we think that this is the wrong attitude , particularly in light of many of the chinese government 's current practices . "
it is noteworthy , for instance , that the requirements of environmental management have been broadly felt in the area of trade , such as through the iso 14000 norms , and that the olympic movement , with its strict human values , has also decided to take the environment as the third dimension of its games , together with sports and culture .
viewed as a warmup for those games , the east asian games in pusan showed more than the need to strengthen athletic ability in every event . when roc minister of education wu jin was denied a vip card at the last moment , thus leading to fervent behind - the - scenes protests by our delegation that in turn caused south korea to accuse the roc of " playing politics " and to threaten barring roc athletes from competing , it showed that the taiwan can n't avoid politics at international athletics competitions .
about three hundred top wushu athletes from all over china , among them many national , asian and world champions , will gather at the queen elizabeth stadium in wan chai from tomorrow ( april 18 ) to april 23 for the wushu sanda preliminary contest of the ninth national games .
speaking at the launching ceremony of the sport captain programme , the acting assistant director of leisure and cultural services , mr walter shum said : " the sport captain programme aims at training up sports leaders on three sports areas , namely , sport administration , sport refereeing and assistance in sport coaching with focus on basketball , table tennis , football , volleyball and badminton .
an estimated one million volunteers are expected to jointly participate in providing volunteer services during the olympic games , including traffic control volunteers , civic patrol volunteers , internal security volunteers , urban traffic operations volunteers , red cross medical aid volunteers , volunteer civic behavior guides , volunteers to assist the disabled , environmental and building volunteers , as well as volunteers in other industries , such as petrochemical , postal services , and parks .
the state has built athletic facilities all over syria which it placed at the service of the youth of syria with the aim of maintaining the good physical health of young people and enhancing athletic cooperation with athletes all over the world through participation in various international games where the champions of syria have scored many victories .
still , for guidance to sportsmen , the world health organization has developed a consensus statement in consultation with international sports associations including the international olympic committee . the advice includes medical counselling for infected sportsmen , interruption of sports for immediate treatment of wounds and prompt reporting of skin lesions to responsible personnel .
as is pointed out , because of the success in the 2008 olympic games bid , china 's impending accession to the world trade organization ( wto ) and the economy back on the fast - growth track , jiang zemin now enjoys high prestige among the people . leftist attacks against him can not cause him any harm .
in the international lifesaving competition , yuen kai - lai from tseung kwan o swimming pool won a total of seven medals , including four gold , two silver and one bronze . yuen grasped his first two gold medals in the male beach sprint and male beach flags in the ocean competition category . he also did well in the still water competition category with another two gold medals in the 4x50m manikin relay and 100m saving a manikin with fins , two silver medals in 50m saving a manikin and 100m dummy relay and one bronze medal in 4x50m rescue tube relay .
here , it is important to recall that cooperation between the united nations and the international olympic committee gained a new and very important dimension in 1993 with the general assemblys adoption at its forty - eighth session of a resolution by which it revived the ancient greek symbol of the olympic truce .
what a pleasure it is today to be here and to see so many olympic friends , people who have gone beyond their sporting successes to serve the goals of the olympic ideal , people who have taken what they have learned through sports and who are applying it to make the world a peaceful and better place .
during the period of " 4 may , " a round - the - city youth cycling tournament was held in harbin city with the theme of " improving quality , fostering a good image and helping the application for sponsoring the olympic games . " youth in the city also unfolded activities of providing voluntary services for environmental protection and planting trees to mark the day of becoming adults .
sun shengwei argued that in order to minimize the disadvantages brought about by the narrow talent selection range , it requires the heightening of training quality by scientific training , the effective prolonging of sports life of veteran athletes , and the acceleration of the speed for young potential athletes to become valuable .
many programs were presented to prelude the opening ceremony including honor guard and folk dance performances and a mass choir singing three chinese songs - " i love china , " " unity is strength , " and " plum blossoms . " after the parade of local and international athletes around the stadium track , c . k . yang , silver medal winner in the decathlon event in the olympic games in rome in 1960 ; and miss chi cheng , the world 's fastest woman sprinter , carried the torch for the games into the stadium .
among which , the standard of men 's double trap athlete hu binyuan has stabilized . he entered the top three in all five world-class competitions in 2006 . his standard is almost on a par with those of the few world top players from russia , india , and the united arab emirates .
however , probably because chief secretary for administration donald tsang once said , to this effect , " as china has been successful in bidding for the right to host the olympic games , and is about to join the world trade organization , it would be impossible for hong kong to become poor !
when the international olympic committee was faced with political problems and launched its appeal in 1992 for an olympic truce , requesting support from the member states of the united nations and political entities , the organization of african unity was among the first to respond to the appeal .
as the national farmers ' games began , various chinese localities are vigorously making preparations to actively develop china 's west regions and chinese athletes have attained historic breakthroughs in the sydney olympics . all these positive factors definitely will stimulate the hundreds of millions of peasants to strive to create a better tomorrow .
as the national farmers ' games began , various chinese localities are vigorously making preparations to actively develop china 's west regions and chinese athletes have attained historic breakthroughs in the sydney olympics . all these positive factors definitely will stimulate the hundreds of millions of peasants to strive to create a better tomorrow .
i do agree that the government should build more sports facilities that are up to the international standards to strengthen hong kong 's position for hosting international sporting events , but if hong kong should decide to host the 2006 asian games , we must assess the financial implications involved .
a total of 19 competitions were staged in the games . they included table tennis , basketball , swimming , mini-soccer ( 7 - a - side ) , snooker , tennis , squash , water carnival , badminton , ten - pin bowling , track and field , angling , lawn bowls , soccer ( 11 - a - side ) , orienteering , long distance run , sand sculpture , beach volleyball and fun games .
prc sports delegation arrive in taipei for marathon relay taipei , 15 jun ( xinhua ) -- a 23 - member mainland china delegation taking part in the beijing olympic - glory of the chinese nation cross - strait marathon relay arrived in taipei on the evening of 14 june to a warm welcome .
the spirit of the 9th national games of the people 's republic of china arrived in the hong kong special administrative region today ( september 16 ) in the form of a torch paraded by local athletes from hung hom railway station to the hong kong cultural centre .
sir , one of the main purposes of establishing the jubilee sports centre is to provide expert coaching in a wide number of sports , together with facilities necessary for practice , with a view to raising the standard of performance of sports in hong kong and stimulating increased participation in sports and recreation generally .
the corporate games 2001 will be held from july this year to january , 2002 at various venues throughout the territory , there will be 16 territory - wide sports and recreational competitions : badminton , basketball , canoeing , chinese chess , distance run , machine rowing , lawn bowls , snooker , swimming , table - tennis , ten pin bowling , track & field , volleyball , tennis , soccer and mini-soccer ( 7 - a - side ) .
as the country of the world with the greatest population , china has always been the most active and most lively member of the olympic family , and china is already or is in the midst of continuing to make its own contributions to universalizing the olympic movement and promoting global peace and progress .
the corporate games 2002 , to be be held from july 2002 to january 2003 , consist of 15 sports and recreational competitions : badminton , basketball , canoeing , chinese chess , indoor rowing , snooker , swimming , table - tennis , tenpin bowling , tennis , track and field , volleyball , 7 - a - side mini-soccer , 11 - a - side soccer , and the newly introduced aquathon ( swimming and running ) .
a joint provisional urban council ( puc ) and provisional regional council ( prorc ) delegation comprising 16 athletes was presented flags today ( tuesday ) to represent hong kong to compete with their counterparts from all over the world in the 4th world masters games to be held in portland , oregon of the united states from august 9 to 22 .
( a ) direct government subventions , before 1990 given direct to the amateur sports federation and olympic committee ( asf & oc ) and national sports associations ( nsas ) on the advice of the council for recreation and sports , and after 1990 , to the hong kong sports development board ( sdb ) who then provides financial assistance to the asf & oc and the nsas ;
while united nations principles and activities are well reflected in this draft resolution , it is very important that the opportunities presented by the olympic games themselves be used to put these principles into practice for example , with regard to non-discrimination in bringing sporting opportunity to women as well as men .
at the second one , uh , the fellow whom i said ran very fast in the last leg , the fellow who won the second place in the olympic games , the one with gap between , % pw , his teeth , er , very big gaps , his has quite , quite a characteristic , he beat the gun . he did it on purpose to make people more nervous .
these nine international events were the 6th asian swimming championship , the 15th asian table tennis championships , the 5th all china games for the disabled , 16th fiq asian tenpin bowling championships , asian marathon championship , the 10th asian squash championships , the 20th asian cycling championships , the asian school table tennis championships and sanyo indonesia open 2000 ( badminton ) .
in women 's doubles , the fourth seed , chinese olympic tennis champion team zheng jie and yan zi , defeated the italian team , 4 to 6 , 6 to 2 , and 6 to 0 , successfully entering the quarter - finals . in addition , federer and nadal defeated their respective opponents and reached the quarter - finals .
as is pointed out , because of the success in the 2008 olympic games bid , china 's impending accession to the world trade organization ( wto ) and the economy back on the fast - growth track , jiang zemin now enjoys high prestige among the people . leftist attacks against him can not cause him any harm .
why ? it is because i think that when dalai lama said , he was not against the olympic games . in fact , ( pw ) , not too long ago in china , um riots also happened . moreover , in er , countries outside china , incidents of demonstrations , ( pw ) demonstrations ( pw ) occurred . i believe that from another aspect , uh .
its aims are to implement the spirit of the ministry of culture in regards to the ' protection project of chinese folk cultural heritage ' , to carry forward excellent chinese drum music culture , to display the brilliant and colorful qualities of drum music , and to use drum music to cheer for the 2008 beijing olympics .
here , it is important to recall that cooperation between the united nations and the international olympic committee gained a new and very important dimension in 1993 with the general assemblys adoption at its forty - eighth session of a resolution by which it revived the ancient greek symbol of the olympic truce .
sports facilities including indoor games halls / indoor recreation centres , tennis courts , squash courts , bowling greens and grass pitches / artificial grass pitches ; as well as tuen mun recreation and sports centre will also be closed on the first two days of lny ( february 5 and 6 ) and re-open on february 7 .
argentina would like to associate itself with other statements congratulating the international olympic committee on its work , and encourages that body to continue to pursue its initiatives and programmes designed to use the olympic truce as an instrument for promoting peace and dialogue in areas of conflict .
argentina would like to associate itself with other statements congratulating the international olympic committee on its work , and encourages that body to continue to pursue its initiatives and programmes designed to use the olympic truce as an instrument for promoting peace and dialogue in areas of conflict .
hab commenced a review of the policy on sports development in 2001 . the review covers a wide range of issues , including the ways to encourage wider public participation in sports , the enhancement of training for elite athletes , the assessment of the future needs for sports facilities and the improvement of the existing administrative structure for sport .
as the objectives of the olympic movement are to build a better and peaceful world by educating young people through sport and culture and to mobilize the youth of the world in the cause of peace , the oau requests that the two initiatives be included in the agenda of the forty - eighth session of the general assembly and that the necessary action be taken to fulfil the request of the olympic movement .
he also did well in the still water competition category with another two gold medals in the 4 x50m manikin relay and 100 m saving a manikin with fins , two silver medals in 50 m saving a manikin and 100 m dummy relay and one bronze medal in 4 x50m rescue tube relay .
its aims are to implement the spirit of the ministry of culture in regards to the ' protection project of chinese folk cultural heritage ' , to carry forward excellent chinese drum music culture , to display the brilliant and colorful qualities of drum music , and to use drum music to cheer for the 2008 beijing olympics .
the district - wide kwai tsing sports festival ' 98 was kicked off with the final of the international beach volleyball invitation at the kwai tsing sports ground this ( sunday ) afternoon . a wide range of sports events will be held from today to november 15 to promote sports among residents in the district .
however , different views within the chen shui - bian administration were not enlarged . vice president annette lu [ lu hsiu - lien ] , who is considered to be a person of taking a strong stand , also expressed her support to beijing 's application for sponsoring the olympic games when she was interviewed by " the voice of germany . "
as regards the amendment proposed by mr andrew cheng , it holds that hong kong is not fit for the asian games bid because we do not have a comprehensive policy on sports while more importance has yet to be attached to the sports culture by the local community .
the conference called upon governments , intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations , international sports federations , national olympic committees , athletes and citizens throughout the world to recognize that the global drug - abuse situation was alarming , and that the involvement in sport , by strengthening the personality and self-esteem of young people , can greatly contribute to preventing drug abuse .
the vice-chairman of the pro rc ad hoc committee on sports training and development , mr chau how - chen , said , " the main objective of the scheme is to enhance these five sports training at district level . athletes with potential will be referred to relevent sports association for further training . "
tang king shing , commissioner of the hong kong police force , said that he was happy to see citizens actively participating in the olympic torch relay activities , but security work will be the sole responsibility of police ; and during the olympics period , police authorities will be flexible in deploying patrol personnel and will increase shifts of auxiliary police .
although he needs to beef up his defense , in rebounds and paint offensive , " yao is one of the world five best centers " , said bob elphinston , president of the international basketball federation , to a xinhua news agency reporter . but , it is still a riddle whether he can really help the chinese men 's basketball team to regain dominance in the paint area after recovery and whether the fragile " yao 's heel " can withstand the high intensity physical confrontation in the beijing olympic games .
at domestic trials , french national sweetheart manaudou quit the 200 freestyle semifinal herself due to her poor preliminary result , hence losing her opportunity to compete in this event at beijing olympics . it should be noted that she is the current holder of 200 freestyle world record , and it has been merely one year since she broke the record at ' 07 world championships in melbourne .
awareness of the bid for the games must be heightened , and every opportunity must be seized . with 100 times the confidence , and extraordinary effort , we must purposefully implement the arrangements of the central committee , do an outstanding job of the bid for the olympics and make progress all across the board . this is the way to achieve the goal " to hasten development through the bid for the olympics and to use development to help the bid for the olympics . "
in the meantime , a leader of overseas chinese groups in france believes that in the current situation where the beijing olympics has not yet been held , ethnic chinese people should adopt a restrained attitude and remain calm in order to avoid causing antagonism between china and western countries .
3. requests the secretary - general to promote the observance of the olympic truce among member states , drawing the attention of world public opinion to the contribution such a truce would make to the promotion of international understanding , peace and goodwill , and to cooperate with the international olympic committee in the realization of this objective ;
the four wushu experts are 1999 and 2000 chinese national wushu competitions silver medallist ( group events ) chen min , 2000 chinese national wushu competitions silver medallist ( group events ) and 2000 chinese national wushu championships silver medallist ( cudgelplay ) mao yaqi , 2000 chinese national wushu competitions bronze medallist ( group events ) lu yixin , and 2000 chinese nationals wushu youth competitions gold medallist ( set sparring ) and silver medallist ( group events ) xu lei .
the centre accommodated a number of asian regional and international events during the year including : the south east asian peninsula tennis championships the asian pacific regional special olympics leadership training course the guangzhou , macau , hong kong triangular meet for the disabled the first international soccer competition for the deaf the asian age group swimming championships and the asian rowing championships the use of the centre 's facilities by the governing bodies of sport is constantly improving .
into the olympic year , it has been indeed hilarious . first , at the european swimming championships , the australian olympic trials and the short - course world cup , nearly 20 world records were broken respectively for long and short courses , which is unprecedented in quantity , density and extent , leaving people full of anticipations for the water cube in august this year .
the fourth leg of the beijing olympic torch relay in london , england on the 6th had received great attention from the government and the people . british prime minister brown , mayor of london 's financial district , british committee member of the ioc princess anne all waited for the arrival of the torch . bystanders along the way cheered and applauded enthusiastically when the torch passed by them . china town was decorated with lanterns and colored streamers and variegated banners were flying . a grand festive atmosphere prevailed everywhere .
during the middle of june , president lee teng - hui went to tsoying to encourage the athletes who are going to take part in the olympics . president lee encouraged ts ' ai to display the same power he showed four years ago and bring honor to the country by winning another medal .
other sports facilities including indoor games halls / indoor recreation centres , tennis courts , squash courts , bowling greens and grass pitches / artificial grass pitches , as well as tuen mun recreation and sports centre will be closed on the first two days of lunar new year ( january 24-25 ) and re-open on january 26 .
the leisure and cultural services department ( lcsd ) announced that due to the black rainstorm warning , the striving for good corporate governance " seminar for local national sports associations and sports organisations , scheduled to be held at 3 pm today ( june 9 ) at the olympic house , so kon po will be postponed .
More surprising, while the mens skin temperatures had climbed slowly after they had precooled with towels and vests and such, their core temperature had risen precipitously after the icy drink, faster even than with no precooling, suggesting that core cooling may wear off more rapidly than skin cooling, at least while running.
Fifty-one percent of respondents to the tongue-in-cheek survey of 20,000 people, who live in North America but hail from countries with teams in the June 11-July 11 World Cup, said they would starve themselves for a week if that would bring victory to their national squad.
According to research by Peking University on the improvement of air conditions during the 2008 Beijing Olympics, the shutdown of polluting plants and banning of vehicles with excessive emissions during the Games reduced air pollution by 30 percent and PM2.5, particulate matter with a diameter smaller than 2.5 microns, by 55 percent, said Zhong.
After initial outrage over the accusations, the official Russian reaction was somewhat more circumspect, with officials promising to investigate and to take steps to correct the situation (something they promised back in 2013, before the Sochi Olympics, where the Russian anti-doping agency was the lead tester).
If youre going to walk out with your Croc out, its best to do it in short intervals, lest you take a walk in Florida, where the Croc was born, trip into the marsh and fall into the mouth of a waiting crocodile, thus completing Mother Natures circle of life:
There is no more powerful platform than sport to nurture the values we all share  solidarity, responsibility, respect, honesty, teamwork, equality motivation and self-esteem Sport is a way to include everyone, including refugees and migrants, to fight against stereotypes, to strengthen the foundations for peace in healthy societies.
The former Manchester United and Real Madrid star went to the World Cup as part of Capello's backroom staff but the Italian, speaking ahead of Wednesday's friendly against Hungary at Wembley, made it clear there was little chance of a recall for the Euro 2012 qualifying campaign.
Tom Hanks has got a slightly more level head around his. He apparently keeps his best actor awards, one each for Philadelphia and Forrest Gump, on the family trophy shelf alongside football (the English kind) trophies and a Worlds Greatest Mom trophy left from a mothers day past.
In women's 200m breaststroke finals, China's Shi Jinglin took bronze in 2:22.28; Wang Shun beat many prevailing rivals and ranked third in men's 200m individual medley finals, clocking 1:57.05; In men's 200m backstroke finals, Xu Jiayu of China ranked fourth. China's Li Zhuhao ranked third in men's 100m butterfly semifinalssuccessfully earning a final berth.
The performance of any single World Cup referee might not matter so much if the sport employed video replay the way that all professional leagues in the U.S. do. Or if, as in U.S. professional sports, each game featured several referees capable of overruling each other.
The announcement came in the wake of a detailed account last week by the former longtime director of Russias anti-doping lab, Grigory Rodchenkov, who said he worked for years at the direction of the Russian government to help the countrys top athletes use banned, performance-enhancing substances and go undetected.
I usually just watch certain games, said Li Zheng, who works at Tencent. If the time is convenient Ill watch it, but if its too late  like 3 or 4 a.m.  Ill think about my next day work schedule and consider whether I want to stay up all night.
Last week, "Vampire Diaries" stars Nina Dobrev, Ian Somerhalder, Claire Holt, Michael Trevino, and Paul Wesley got together to make Gabby and Team USA a very special congratulations video -- and they even took time to wish Gabby and teammate Aly Raisman good luck in their competitions on Tuesday.
Players, coaches and referees are blocked from traveling between the West Bank and Gaza Strip as well as in and out of the area for training and tournaments, Mr. Rajoub added, and fans of the notorious Beitar Jerusalem team routinely chant Death to Arabs at matches.
Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina, who left the practice just before shooting, said later that he had encountered a man in the parking lot  later identified as the gunman  who asked me if the team practicing was a Democrat or a Republican team.
For proponents of the bid, the idea of hosting the Olympic Games, while daunting, was seen as a way for the city to unite around a lofty goal, and a way to give the city the motivation necessary to pull off a huge global event that could return the city to the glory days of La Dolce Vita.
Ronaldo, who had given his Portugal team-mates animated encouragement in the break before extra time, was offering as much tactical advice as coach Fernando Santosin chaotic closing moments - and he was reduced to tearsonce more at the final whistle before lifting the trophy that has eluded his country for so long.
The Olympic Games Park covers an area of 1215 hectares, including 760 hectares woods and grassland, 50 hectares International Exhibition Sports Center and 405 hectares Chinese Ethnic Park. /The Olympic Park covering 1215 hectares includes 760-hectare woods and grassland, 50-hectare International Exhibition Sports Center and 405-hectare Chinese Ethnic Park.
The runup to the Olympics has been marked by such a long and varied list of fiascos  from protests over forced evictions to complaints about both thefts and plumbing debacles at the new Olympic Village  that the British sports historian David Goldblatt ranks the preparations here among the worst in Olympic history.
"We are excited to see more-balanced progress achieved by China at the World Championships, showcased by podium finishes in all four disciplines of walking, running and jumping as well as throwing, for the first time in the history of Chinese athletics," Du Zhaocai, the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) council member and vice-chairman of the Chinese Athletics Association, made the comments at a news conference on Sunday.
SEOUL, South Korea  The retired N.B.A. star Dennis Rodman said Monday that on his visit to North Korea last week, the countrys leader, Kim Jong-un, trusted him enough to let him hold his baby daughter and asked him to bring a team of former basketball stars for games in Pyongyang and train the Norths basketball team for the next Olympics.
UNESCO has also revised the International Charter of Physical Education, Physical Activity and Sport, to reinforce physical education, physical activity and sport around the world, and the Organisation is accompanying Member States in reviewing national physical education policies to become child-centered, flexible, sensitive, and inclusive, independently of abilities.
Announcing that they would boycott a Group of 8 meeting planned for Sochi  Mr. Putins Black Sea showcase for the recent Winter Olympics  the seven countries who met here said they would instead gather by themselves in June in Brussels, headquarters of NATO and the European Union.
At Tuesdays hearing, Rick Adams, chief of Paralympic sports for the United States Olympic Committee, said, The athletes have spoken very clearly to what is a flawed culture where the brand and the sport and the results are given a higher priority than the health and well-being of the athletes.
White collar soccer fans looking to score a day off to watch the upcoming World Cup in Brazil can get an assist with fake online doctors notes, the state-run Global Times said in a recent story about how Taobao, Chinas answer to eBay, was awash with the fabricated documents.
The former Spurs player shot narrowly wide midway through the first half after catching Teko Modise in possession, but Guillermo Franco missed the best chance to put his side in front when Arsenal's Carlos Vela played him in with a lofted pass. Franco controlled the ball on his chest and looked certain to score, but Khune stayed on his feet and blocked the shot.
After finishing as the runner-up in this year's Australian Open, China's Li Na bettered that finish by earning the women's championship at the French Open with a 6-4, 7-6 (0) victory over Italy's Francesca Schiavone and becoming the first Asian woman to win a Grand Slam singles title.
The hope is that we can get as many athletes as possible to take part, said a spokesman for the event. Its also a chance for them to come home and be recognised by the public who have idolised them during the Games and to join in the celebrations.
Statements from the two bidders come in the wake of reports the IOC had been planning to resolve the 2024 competition by offering the losing candidate the opportunity to host an Olympiad by doling out the 2024 and 2028 editions at the same time this September.
While sports brought people together, so did a good cause. This year, awareness for Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, better known as ALS or Lou Gehrigs Disease, reached an all-time high around the world due to the viral ALS Ice Bucket Challenge. As celebrities and everyday people alike braved a bucket of ice cold water for a cause, donations to help find a cure for the illness hit almost $100 million.
The medium-term goal is to greatly expand youth involvement in the sport and to bring the organization and competitive level of the professional league on par with the top class in Asia, the State Council announcement said, bringing the mens national team to the forefront in Asia, and returning the womens team to the top ranks in the world.
Ms. Dantzscher, who was a member of the bronze-medal-winning 2000 womens Olympic gymnastics team, was speaking at hearing on a bill with potential to check the culture of a sport in which young girls are too often victimized, by requiring that the adults who work with them report suspected sexual abuse.
Players including captain Steven Gerrard, Chelsea's Ashley Cole and Southampton midfielder Adam Lallana have swapped their football boots for smart shoes to model the Three Lions' official World Cup suits - and both football and fashion fans will be pleased to know they can emulate the soccer stars' look for 199.
Emma Watson of 'Harry Potter' fame was No. 2 on the Glamour best-dressed list. Duchess Kate, who placed third, was regarded as a fashionista who knows what works for her. Emma Stone, 24, came in fourth, jumping 20 spots from last years rankings. Taylor Swift followed in fifth place.
the resulting demand on domain name and the official olympic events using beijing2008.cn demonstrates that after promotion of the country domain name , cn , broke through 10 million registrations at the beginning of this year , leaping forward again , and staying above all country domain names with a registered volume of 12.188 million .
Collection and statistics of the final performance of the 25th,26th,27th,Olympic Games and the 7th,8th,9th National Games illuminated that the world track and field events maintained a high level and the throwing events attracted attention at the 27th Olympic Games and level of the events had risen.
In this paper,the aeration amount,the inhalation amount of oxygen,heartbeat rate,the greatest inhalation amount of oxygen,the breathing equivalent curves were measured by means of continuous progressive increasing load of pedalling sport,for juvenite athlete of speed skating. The efficiency point of the best breathing and the physiological parameters were ascertained. Thus,the affect of efficiency point of the breathing in sport training was theoretically approached.
According to the investigation on mental fators cause sports injury happened in speed skating teaching,exercising and competition,the article draws a conclusion that the mental factors cause sports injury are concerned with anxiety individulity,mental preparation and so on,puts forward some measures so as to decrease sports injury.
three lifeguards from the leisure and cultural services department ( lcsd ) had netted a total of 10 prizes , including four gold medals , two silver medals and four bronze medals , in the international lifesaving competition at the arafura games 200 held in darwin , australia from may 19 to 26 , 200 .
It is shown that the albedo of melting particles may be more than the raindrops and snow spheres at 6 and   10? GHz  . The specified attenuation, attenuation and scattering impariment of a melting layer have also been predicted at various rainfalls for 6, 10, 20,   30?
of 130 men and women athletes who took part in the National Vigorous and Graceful Callisthenics Championships in accordance with the sellecting measurement of national excellent teenagers athletes. And also calculated 37 index derived from events of different bodily build characteristics as man individual, man mixed, woman individual and woman mixed respectively, such as weight/height x 100, shoulder width/height x 100, full length of upper limbs/height x 100, etc.
Based on the determination of the value of sportsmen of competition sports, this paper generalizes and analyzes the present condition and the causes of sports injury in competition sports of China so that such issues as the prevention of sports injuries and the theoretical issues of after-injury aid may be covered and further discussed.
The consciousness of volleyball players is a kind of essential and important mental qualities of volleyball players,It's the premise to ensure the players to give full play of their skills and tactics to a high level in competition. This essay aims at expounding the significance of consciousness of volleyball players,and the means and ways of how to develop players' volleyball consciousness.
Through the analysis to the whole process of Olympic spectators traveland according to the trait of Olympic spectators travel, this paper points outthe relevant trait of traffic organizing and traffic forecasting, and puts forwardrelevant analysis method and plan. Accordingly, an integrated trafficforecasting and analyzing method of Olympic spectators and other large-scaleabstractactivities is set up on the basic of this paper.
During the 2004 Summer Olympics She won a gold medal in the 3 meter women's synchronized springboard along with Wu Minxia, before winning her first individual Olympic gold in the 3 meter women's springboard. After the 2004 Summer Olympics, Guo became a Chinese national sports figure.
Basketball the sport again is a collective item, whole brigade to have the good tacit understanding with cooperate, because the every time take the offensive time of decrease, game speed of quickly, request military tactics match with higher, the athlete want in the shorter time inside to organize the match of very valid military tactics, and again attain the good military tactics result.
The result of the research whcih has been made into the regularity ofchange of the studeuts' five - physical qualities in Anhui Province from l985 to 1995has furnished the scientific data to the judgement standard of the students' physicalquality and it has provided a scientific basis for teaching, selecting good players andmaking the training plan as well.
By film photograpy of motive bicmechanics, pictures analysing, physical statistics and teaching with experimenting, the former chinese national femal team volleyball players, the volleyball majors who had graduated from beijng sports unersity or Shenyang sports college and the athletes parti cularly being enrolled by Yanshan University is investigated.
Relying on the theories of self-efficacy and applying methods of questionair investigation,interview and mathematical statistics,the authors studied impact factors of self-efficacy of 16 teams of Chinese elite female volleyball players attending National Female Volleyball Championships in 2004 and National Female Volleyball Winning Games in 2004 with the purpose of providing theoretical reference for psychological selection of players and psychological skill training for Chinese female volleyball players.
As result of exchange and confluence, Taoist school and Taoism culture develop cultural intension in Olympic to some extent on one hand, make Olympic sports really global, support and guide the rational values and philosophy behind Olympic sports with its several ideas, overcome some harmful trend in Olympic sports, make Olympic sports really value the people of the world on the maximum.
In march 2005,in order to acquire the index of biomechanics,athletes who were competing and training were shot,and the frequency was 50 Hz with near view dynamic stereographic measurement with two import Panasonic pick-up camera,and then sampling of the graphs and calculation of the data were conducted through the system of Aijie sports video quick feedback analysis.
i am honoured to be invited to take his place to officiate at this , the launching ceremony of the hong kong paralympians fund . i am also delighted to welcome dr steadward , hon president of the international paralympic committee to hong kong to present the paralympic order to sir harry in recognition of his lengthy and significant contribution to promoting sports amongst people with disabilities .
Adopted the CYBEX and NORM of kinetic testing and rehabilitation system,the knee and ankle muscle strengths of the top four skating athletes in 9th winter games were measured and analyzed,in order to provide scientific basis for the coaches to understand the practical training level,potential competence and disadvantage of the main muscle force of athletes and foundation and references for the special strength training of skating athletes.
The authors probed into the way towards making Olympic brand with the Chinese characteristics. Taking full advantage of the Chinese sport cultural front and exploiting sport cultural and ideological sources,they seek for the cultural details of the Chinese Olympic brand so as to bring out the Chinese Olympic brand with better quality and promote the sport cultural effects,thus pushing the development of the Chinese Olympic brand and the advanced Chinese sport culture.
Through Internet searching for relative data and Gray correlation method,this paper made analysis on performance of each time of man's decathlon of top three in Athens Olympic Games,discussed the strategy of score increasing,put forward suggestions for our decathlon QI Hai-feng training based on his performance analysis.
On the basis of conclusion of specific construction techniques adopted in construction of other sports stadiums, authors point the direction of science and technology innovation and green construction which will be adopted in the future construction of Olympic Games Stadiums, and also provide advices about relevant protective measures.
The result shows that the average somatolog ical values of the world elite synchronized swimmers are 3.81  3.26  3.20 while  the somatological values of the best swimmers are 3.50  3.42  3.58.The somatotyp e mean  value for the Chinese synchronized swimmers is 3.85  2.50  3.75,which me somorphical value is obviously lower than the total average values and the best  swimmer's value.
After an evaluation of the performance of athletes who were in the first six places in the 20-24th Olympic Games and the performance of Chinese athletes in Olympic Games, it is showed that this evaluation criteria can be used as reference by coaches and scientists to objectively evaluate athletes performance in important competitions.
The British Journal of Sports Medicine looked at the problem and urged endurance athletes to ensure they get enough salt during exercise, but also warned that electrolyte replacement will slow but not prevent the development of hyponatraemia if fluid intake is in gross excess of sweating rate.
The successfully held of Green Olympics in 2008 will greatly quicken the enforcement of the environmental protection plan of city,improve the current ecological environment,promote the city construction and maintain sustainable development,call on the citizen's sense of protecting environment and improve the city civilization level. In one word,the success of Green Olympics will have enormous effects on the construction of ecological environment.
For the first time, the olympic games will be held in china in 2008. for the first time, the entire world will share a unique celebration thanks to the knowledge and experience of what china has achieved in thousands of years of its history and culture.
The article first advanced the theory of athlete-track-fieldenvironment system-competitive state of body feeling", it established an evolution control model for the special competitive state of athletes and the adjustment and control methods of transfering functional state. The paper also revealed the characteristics and laws of the evolution of the special competitive state of the middle and long-distance runners.
The 2000 Summer Olympic Games (French: Les Jeux olympiques d't de 2000), officially known as the Games of the XXVII Olympiad and commonly known as Sydney 2000 or the Millennium Olympic Games/Games of the New Millennium, were an international multi-sport event which was held between 15 September and 1 October 2000 in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
three lifeguards from the leisure and cultural services department ( lcsd ) had netted a total of 10 prizes , including four gold medals , two silver medals and four bronze medals , in the international lifesaving competition at the arafura games 200 held in darwin , australia from may 19 to 26 , 200 .
Stress is contextual and relative. No matter how tough you are or how good you are at your particular sport or activity, there are situations that are going to heighten your physical and physiological arousal. The first thing to know is that these physical sensations are completely normal.
If we can be clearly aware of the reasons for the backwardness of Chinese Decathlon, absorb other countries' experience in training excellent Decathlon athletes and try to improve, we can realize the goal of reaching the leading position of Asia in a short period of time. For this purpose, based on the analysis of the investigation results on .
Using the way of collecting documents,according to the economy characteristic of Olympic and the rules of WTO,characteristic and rules of sport market,analyses the sport products and sport service in China will face to the opportunities and challenges after Beijing succeed in applying for Olympic Games,and puts forward the countermeasures. Beijing Olympic becomes our sport industry of development opportunities great into reality.
The excellent athletes in the second game of the race , the head of focus of vertical displacement were greater than the center of gravity of the training of head displacement ; In the second game of the athletes hang time obviously less than training hang time . 4 .
"It's become an obsession with the photographers," David Wallechinsky, the president of the International Society of Olympic Historians and co-author of "The Complete Book of the Olympics" told CNN in 2012. "I think they look at it as an iconic shot, as something that you can probably sell. I don't think it's something the athletes would probably do on their own."
This research comprehends juvenile athletes' physical and psychological specialties,focusing on the problems of rational division and combinations to organize teams concerning the old and young,male and female,long and short distance,superior and minor etc,researching scientific and efficient training methods of division and combination,basing on the training results and achieving the target of all athletes' improvement.
In dealing with the relationships between the two kinds of securities , we should stick to the principle of building up a safe and peaceful city for the construction of Olympic security and carrying out the construction of Olympic security to promote the construction of city security .
Excellent Sanda athletes hold higher heart rate variability,higher tone of cardiac vagus nerve and lower tone of sympathetic nerve. An excellent athlete has better reserve of regulation ability of autonomic nervous system, which is one of the important representations of higher training level and better enginery condition.
According to the studying and analyzing of the 3 countries' medals during the 23-28th Olympic Games, this article brings up that China is having more and more events to gain gold medals except some basic events There are certain distance between China and sports powerful nations.
All of them are second-class above, 42 of them coming from the assembly team of superiors (first-rate) in China, 140 coming from different province teams. Furthermore, there is more than 72.5% of the subjects to be elite athlete, and among them, 18 possessor of world championships title and 49 times winning world championships.
In order to explore the existing problems and the differences between the athletes home and abroad,a comparative analysis was done on the Routine Exercise technical difficnlty of first eight of single,double and team competition in the 27th Olympic Games,the 9th World Swimming Championship and the 9th Chinese National Games.
For instance, you may think that 5,000 people is a plethora of people. However, when you put them into a hockey arena that seats 13,000 people, its actually less than half capacity and therefore not a plethora. If you had 13,500 people in that same arena, that would be a plethora of people.
Since applying for the Olympic Games successfully, the study related to the 2008 Olympic Games and our country's construction of social ethics and morals mainly concentrates on: the study of the Olympic Culture and the ethics and morals, the study of the Olympic Thinking and the ethics and morals, the study of the 2008 Olympic Games' "three great ideal faith" and the ethics and morals.
In themen's basketball matches of the 28th Olympic Games, though Chinese men'sbasketball fulfilled it's wish and enters the top eight finally, average scores indefending rival rank the 6th place in 12 entrant team, but average attacking score islower than the 14th world championship, and couldn't break the 8th which is the bestachievement.
For the whole Chinese beer industry, this is absolutely beneficial to both reinforcing competitive ability globally and participating in global competitionAfter success in hosting Olympic Games in Beijing in 2008 and entering WTO, it brings an unprecedented opportunity to Chinese beer industry since lots foreign and interior capital investment coming in, meanwhile, Chinese beer industry is facing a rigorous challenge: how to pop up within beer competition?
In recent years, influenced by the activity of human beings, the pollution status of coastal area was aggravated in Qingdao. Qingdao will be the city of undertaking the 29~th Olympic Boat-sailing Game. The seawater quality status is the most important factor for the Green Olympic Games.
It is the harmony that has deepened our understanding of the history of human development and the value-orientation toward the Olympics,and it will be of great help to us to take part in the Olympics actively and to play a more important role in Olympic affairs.
The podcast has covered issues as diverse as education, biology, psychology, healthcare, sports, and more. Chances are, if you are interested in something, it has been discussed between Russ and his interviewees somewhere within the hundreds of archived episodes. Do yourself a favor and check it out.
The Speedendurancetyped sport items include many items. In general, it should be the item in which energy is mainly provided by glycolysis such as the items in track events:400m, 800m, 1500m sprint, The more glycolysis is, the more favourable to maintain speed and endurance and therefore enhance sport achievement.
Based on the positive investigation made by the department concerned, this paper makes an analysis of the present condition of the investment environment and then proposes some measures of improving this environment so as to catch the opportunity of the Olympic Games to promote the rapid development of Beijing's economy.
In order to avoid such phenomenon taken place in the Beijing Olympic Games and based on the "Olympic Charter" and the "host city contract",this paper reorganized the purposes of hosting Beijing Olympic Games in the political,economic,cultural and sports to prevent the possible deviations and provided the measures and suggestions of proper control on hosting purpose.
Olympic Culture Sports College is an important position and inheritance , which can deepen the delivery of Olympic culture , and national physical education colleges should seize the opportunity , and with the opportunity to re-examine the Olympic Games that brings Olympic education and practical value of historical significance .
This paper first analyzes how athletes finish the difficult exercises in the games of athletics Wushu,and then based on the long-time experience in teaching and training,it points out that how well the athletes have done the difficult exercises in the games of athletics southern style boxing is essential in the competition among high-level athletes.
An experiment for determining the MBL durimg 105 cycles in 13 college girls and 46 sportswomen was carried out on the basis of the work done in previous years. In the case of 13 women athletes who engaged in sports as usual during menstruation periods, fluctuations of MBL were also measured.
The 29th Olympic Summer Games will be held in our country in 2008.In order to hold the 2008 Olympic Games successfully, our country not only needs strengthening the hardware construction such as Olympic gymnasiums, communications and environmental protection, but also needs strengthening the software construction of social ethics and morals, enhancing countries' quality of ethics and morals in real earnest, building favorable moral surroundings for the 2008 Olympic Games.
This article explained the significance and role of sport games on universities and enterprises and analyzed the existing main problems in such games. Some countermeasures have been proposed to facilitate the market development of sport games in order to promote the physical education business in universities with the help of awards or products raised from sports games.
it was exactly because of this unforgettably hurting experience that the federal government of canada formulated a hosting policy in 1996 to prescribe the conditions for government support for any future bids for olympic games , pan-american games , or international events in any single sport . first of all , the hosting of any event must be proved to be able to significantly benefit the city in terms of its sports development , its economy , its community , as well as its culture .
Taking the average scores of the top three athletes in track and field events from the 7th to 10th National Sports Games as research subject,utilizing the model of GM(1,1) of the grey theory,this paper aims at looking for the foundation and breakthrough for the 08 Beijing Olympic Games.
In this paper,whole year arrangement of competition of some sprint athletes,who had participated in 1992 Olympic Games, 1990 Asian Games and 1993 National Games, was studied. Competition times in whole year,competition type,selection of events,effect of competition on division of training ctrcle and other characteristics were analysed.
We have tested 36 cases of blood lactate of modern pentathlon's athletes after swimming by l00m, 200m or 300m four indexes are compared and analysed:blood lactate threshold,lactate threshold intensity,limit lactate and threshold curve slope. In conclusion,there is no changes in lactate threshold affected by distance. Lactate threshold intensity and lactate level present a direct ratio to distance,threshold curve slope inverse ratio instead.
The article elaborates the fable and the origin of dragon and the formation of dragon dancing,explains the traditional dragon dancing and the athletics dragon dancing,of which dragon dancing competition type may divide into the single item match and the versatile match,according to the sex the type may divides into the male group and the female group competition.
By using high  speed video camera, the author analyzes the run  up, takeoff action of our male and female long jumpers in preliminaries in 12    th   Asian Games, put forwards the technical requirement of board accuracy in long jump training, provides the reference for our long jumpers training in the future.
Through analyzing the attacking tac tics of corner kicks in 64matches at t he final stage of the 17th World Cup by the methods of observation and statistics,the study revealed the general fe ature of attacking tactics for learn ing and drawing some les-sons from the merits in tactical arra ngment of corner kicks of top team in t he world,and provided the reference for training and matc-hes of our high level football team.
The research points out that since the Olympic Games set this event till the present our country's women triple jump and pole-vault technical level has been taking a slowly-rising road on a small scale, and showing a trend of broadening distance with that of the world. If we neither pay attention nor take effective measures in limited time, the previous brilliance will not reappear in 2008;
In order to set up correct technical model of short corner and improve the level of shooting technique of short corner for our man's hockey players,this paper makes analysis on short corner shooting technique between Chinese and Korean elite shooters through the method of video analysis.
By a comparative statistical analysis of the total 77 goals made during the finals of the European championship tournament in 2004 and of the total 466 goals made during Chinese Soccer Super League Tournament in 2005,the authors have studied the current situation and weaknesses in the critical point for Chinese Soccer Super League Tournament.
Such sporting disappointment has drawn the concern of Chinas top government officials, including its president, Xi Jinping, an ardent soccer fan who has said that he wants Chinas mens team to qualify for the World Cup again, for China to host the tournament and, eventually, to win it. So far, the mens team, ranked 82nd in the world, has participated in only one World Cup, in 2002. It did not score a goal in its three games.
In sports, unlike other businesses, companies have two bottom lines. Their owners want to win, of course, but they also want to make money, and the two are linked more loosely than you might think. You can make a lot of money with a bad team, as the N.F.L.s Washington Redskins have done since 1999, when they were bought by Daniel Snyder. He has been a terrible owner, winning just 43 percent of his games, burning through seven head coaches, never reaching the Super Bowl and stubbornly refusing to change the teams polarizing name. Yet if you judge him by the standards of any other business, he has been exemplary. The Redskins are the third-highest-grossing team in the N.F.L.; Snyders $800 million investment has more than tripled. If the team had public stockholders, they would be giving him a party.
He has already spent some of his wealth in sports, an interest of his dating back to his time as a lacrosse player at Yale. In August, he bought the San Diego expansion team of the nascent National Lacrosse League for what Bloomberg News reported was a $5 million price tag.
Before every game, the coach would have all his players form a circle, put their hands inside and yell out, 'Team!' Then, without fail, my brother walked to the bench, sat down and remained there-completely ignored-for three quarters. Immediately before the final period began, the coach would point to David and begrudgingly insert him at right fullback for the requisite minimum amount all kids must play. He made it painfully clear to the others that my brother was the weakest of weak links; that he was useless as a soccer player.
25 are tried the object the blood lactic acid peak value mean value for7. 16  2. 05mmol/L, the male team member blood lactic acid peak value mean value for7. 65  2. 12mmol/L, the female team member's blood lactic acid peak value mean value for6. 25  1. 80mmol/L, two groups of center male team members' biggest blood young acid values has extremely significant the difference, two groups are tried the object the blood lactic acid peak value to appear in the recovery period 3rd minute; increases progressively the load test to obtain the blood lactic acid to swim the fast curve, the heart rate swims the fast curve to demonstrate that, 15~16 year old of group' s blood lactic acid swims the fast curve, the heart rate swims the fast curve compared to 13~14 groups of overall right laterals, namely 15~16year old of group has the oxygen and the non- oxygen ability all good to 13~14groups;
China dragon boat culture has a long history This paper analyzed the race of traditional dragon boat and modern culture development of it as well as sociological problems of intangible assets usage, put forwarded the measures for development on it The main purpose was to promote the traditional culture and development of dragon boat culture
His outlays for the race  known simply as Kona among triathletes  went far beyond a wet suit and a new pair of handlebars for his racing bike. To help acclimate to the Hawaiian heat, he rented a house on Kailua-Konas fashionable Alii Drive, as well as a block of hotel rooms for the 10 days leading up to the race. He also hired a private chef to prepare his meals, then flew to Hawaii and housed not only his wife and daughter, but also his coach, massage therapist and physical therapist.
Regarded the cultivation of the people of ability as the springboard, this paper analyses and summarizes the organization form of the college ordinary physical education activity after class in the past,combined withAll People's Body-building Plan and the students' character such as their personality,interests and so on,to advance a new organization form and method so as to develop the physical education activity after class on campus better.
Steals while using the World Cup technical success rate higher than the Asia Cup , the Cup and two steals while the success rate is higher than the success rate challenge for the ball , use Road steals while the number was significantly higher than that winger technology .
The authors collected and sorted the technical statistics of 15 basketball teams competing in the regular CBA tournament 2005-2006,carried out quantified evaluation on the offense and defense capability of the teams by applying the rank sum ratio comprehensive evaluation method and correlation analysis method,and drew the fol-lowing conclusions:1) the teams offense capability is distributed in three levels,their defense capability is distrib-uted in four levels,and their comprehensive offense and defense capability is distributed in five levels;
Tsai returned to rural Nantou County. Because of his banishment, he cannot wear a baseball uniform or coach a team, so he instead looks for money to keep his program afloat and to build a new stadium. He bunks with his coaches and players in a dingy dormitory where the communal dining area is next to a homemade indoor batting cage.
It is indicated that the ENRICHING HEMOGLOBIN AND STRENGTH CAPSULES can prominently improve Ferritin level of the athletes in military pentathlon,increase the storage of FE element in the body,remarkably enhance the level of hemoglobin,have the effect of anti-free radical,can advance the total power of the non-oxygen state and the biggest oxygen-taking level in the high load-training period.
In a competition of tennis doubles, whether it is possible for a weak side to beat a powerful opponent usually depends heavily on the psychological factors of the players in their performance, who should be highly cooperative and coordinative with each other, sharing the pressure. Therefore a complementary pair of partners, an effective mutual communication, and a faith of collectivity usually constitute the key to winning the game.
No two athletes stories or circumstances are the same. But considered together, the list of Chinese-born table tennis players highlights the huge scope of Chinas influence in the sport and illustrates its perhaps most pressing question: Is this the best way for table tennis to grow?
Given the topography of Nepal, it's a surprise that the nation doesn't have any world-class downhill skiers. The country will, however, be represented in Sochi by Dachhiri Sherpa, a 44-year-old cross-country skier and bricklayer. Sherpa was born in the village of Chulemo at the foot of Mount Everest and raised in a monastery, according to an Agence France-Presse report, which also said he predicts he will finish last.
Singapore won the rights to host the WTA Championship ahead of Tianjin, a city to the east of Beijing, and Monterrey, in northeast Mexico. It will hold the championship for five years, an expansion from the previous host, Istanbul, which held the event for three years.
Even the countries greatest soccer stars, Maradona and Pel, have an uneasy relationship. At the 1982 World Cup, Pel singled out the young Argentine for criticism. My main doubt is whether he has the sufficient greatness as a person to justify being honored by a worldwide audience, Pel said.
 to n ball teams, under the principle of fairness in competition, the upper limit numbers for every ball team in competition in every two rounds are:0 interval for less than 4 teams,1 interval for 56 teams,2 intervals for 78 teams,3 intervals for 911 teams and 4 intervals for 1112 teams;
Russian athletes, in soaring numbers, have been caught doping in recent years. Russia had far more drug violations than any other country in 2013: 225, or 12 percent of all violations globally, according to data from the World Anti-Doping Agency. About a fifth of Russias infractions involved track and field athletes, the focus of Mondays report.
Damjanovic believes that in the short term, if Korean teams invest the money they are receiving from China on better foreign players, they will find it easier to win more Asian titles. Korean players are still the best in Asia, and that is why they are popular with other countries. They are professional and tough. If they can improve their foreign players they will be O.K.
Then, the paper applies biomechanics theory and methods to study Yeop-Jireugi with back leg technique of them, to find the mainly factors that influence this technique, establish correct conception of Yeop-Jireugi with back leg and action configuration. In this way, more perspectives are involved in the study to provide theoretical foundation for the evaluation of skill of these excellent athletes, to short the time of teaching and period of training.
The author documents the interrelationship of speed held by the world top swimmers from 1992 to 2002 between the title event of 100m free style and the related events of 50m and 200m free style. The 50m free style affects title event's speed more than 200m free style does.
Based on the technical statistic on the hoop man who took part in the 28th Olympic Games or the 14th Men's World Basketball Championship and the teams which joined the 2003-2004 CBA and NBA playoff, we will analyze the data by Microsoft Excell and Spss (12.0).
In order to meet the requirements for the Olympic Games Qingdao 2008 sail boat racing and the construction of Qingdao international aquatic sports base, the main problems are discussed as follows: (1) the diel variation characteristics of weather with a wind speed less than 3 m/s in the Qingdao inshore area in August and September and its relations to the land  sea wind circulation development;
Criminal proceedings may come in the wake of Mondays report, and some investigations have already begun based on the evidence collected by the panel. Last week, French authorities announced they had opened a criminal inquiry into the former president of track and fields world governing body, Lamine Diack of Senegal, for having allegedly accepted bribes to allow at least six Russian athletes to compete, including in the 2012 London Olympics.
Women, even successful women, are less likely to be found jetting around the globe or spending significant amounts of money in pursuit of their training and racing goals. I dont know many women who are high powered and wealthy and who are also endurance athletes who would go to these extremes, says the former professional triathlete Lee DiPietro, 57, of Delray Beach, Fla., and author of Against the Wind: An Ironwomans Race for Her Familys Survival. But she said that could change.
So the author has set forward the following suggestions, i.e. renew idea, reform competitive and training systems, introduce foreign coaches, increase the number of foreign players on the court and the time for them to participate in a match, engage foreign referees, support the domestic players joining foreign clubs, renew training methods and so forth.
Empress of new rule modification, request athlete body character bring up newly, and technique towards athlete request more accurate more quick, want at strong versus the inside go to quickly complete the every kind of and complicated technique, and defend to have the offensiveness with destructiveness.
This paper has summarized the Asian Games construction feature and it to the basic key element which the city influence at first, In building a foundation realized to the Asian Games tentatively , combine the Asian Games reality in Guangzhou, put forward several questions which should be paid attention to in the Asian Games construction of Guangzhou, in order to enable the Asian Games to give play to the greatest benefit, and become catalyst of city development.
Based on all round performance of swimming competition in 2002 in Zhejiang province,this paper analyzes the value affecting all round performance of female swimmer aged 1012 in Zhejiang province using the scientific evaluation method,establishes the comprehensive evaluation model of all round performance for different event swimmer.
According to curricular characteristics in gymnastics with target, the actual request that join together the high teacher in our country athletics education profession reform in education, this text with the parallel bars hangs the action that arm stretch top for a form for, adoption experimenting set checking against, educate to the athletics the teaching method of the profession gymnastics lesson proceeded the thorough study.
Sure, they want athletes to be drug free, but they also want to be entertained by raw human power. So yes, they would have preferred to see the Russian and Bulgarian teams, which were barred for doping. Likewise with Ilya Ilyin, a suspended two-time Olympic champion from Kazakhstan, who is the Barry Bonds of the clean and jerk.
Based on the statistic analysis on the technique and tactics of worldwide elite male players who is penhold grip attacking playing style and making statistics,according to the interview with authoritative persons and specialists in the table tennis,this study conducted an in-depth analysis and exploration about the problems that were brought about by the new rules and the developing tendency of this playing style,in order to offer theoretical references for improving the technical level of the penhold grip attacking playing style in China.
In this paper,by looking up literature and materials,by statistic data,comparison and study,it made a comprehensive comparison and analysis on NBA and CBA players about their cultivation and indraught baisc instance and making-up and so on,aiming at providing useful inspirations for the development of Chinese professional basketball clubs.
More than 20 on-the-spotstatistical indexes at the 1987 Beijing International Men Basketball Tournament were analyzed, which indi-cated that indexes mostly influencing the stability of offence in basketball were in the following order: free-throw attempts, inside shot percentage, free-throw percentage, misses and violations, middle-distance shotpercentage, 3-point shot percentage and inside shot attempts.
But some players in Africa have concluded that their only leverage comes before a World Cup game, even it if appears they are holding their nation for ransom. Bloomfield reckons that star players like Boateng and Didier Drogba of the Ivory Coast now actually have more influence than their own soccer associations, which enables them to push the payment issue on behalf of their teammates, any number of whom do not play in Europe and do not earn nearly as much money.
By means of literature, questionnaire, experts interview, test and statistics, the author selected 10 items indexes which could effectively reflect physical active ability of elite men 100 m sprinters,with the method of recursive analysis based on 17 Chinese 100 m sprinters who were master sportsmen since the ninties of twenty century.
By combining the teaching theorise with the teaching practice,specificities and patterns of nonverbal communication and transmission that the football atheletics in the competition communicate and transmit effectively with the team mates, the opponents, the coach, the judges,and the audience are analyzed, in order that they could communicate and transmit better and achive more.
The big question now, though, is whether the quality of the soccer at the Euros is going to slip in the current and future tournaments. This year, 24 teams are competing, up from 16 teams in the previous five Euros, allowing potentially weaker teams to compete. (The World Cup has had 32 teams since 1998.)
Through analyzing the results and place of world women handball competition of p ast years Olympic Games and world championship,this article discusses the changi ng of world women handball during the different developing phases,makes further explanation on the developing character and pattern changing,points out the dev eloping trend of world women handball.
The quality of basketball conciousness of Sporters lies in the speed of judgement, their observation and analysis on the court situation, and their knowledge about the basketball development rules , and their psychological quality, which are the quality of sporter of a team and the ablility of it.
Results The blood pressure in children correlated closely with the stature, weight,waistline and skinfold thickness. There were the positive correlation of hypertension with the family history of hypertension and the higher salt intake,and the negative correlation with more intake of milk,fruits or fruit juice,and vegetables in the daily diet,and the time of physical exercise,respectively.
Movement distance and speed of elite basketball players are measured and analyzed accurately by using special analysis system(SIMIscout) as well as technology statistics through the videos of 2006 FIBA World Championship for men on the spot,in order to generalize and analyze comprehensively the basic features of the load characteristics of important international basketball match. The target is to provide numerical value base and references for current basketball training.
Through the technical statistics on the 14 host matches of 7 rounds for the PLA Women Volleyball Team at the year of 1997-1998 Major League, the paper made a quantitative analysis op the characteristics of the technical loads of the women volleyball teams at the major league in China,which will provide the scientific reference for the technical and tactical training of the Chinese women volleyball teams.
After a surprise run to the quarterfinals of the Asian Cup in January, China looked strong in draws with Tunisia and Haiti last month as it prepared for the Asian qualifiers for the 2018 World Cup, starting in June. China has qualified for the World Cup only once, in 2002, and failed to score a goal in three losses.
In order to improve Asia's competition system so as to promote the level o,f soccer in Asia as a whole, the principles of directive function, effectiveness, and continuance of competitions should be stressed on and official continental competitions between top-level club teams of different countries and between national youth teams should be increased.
The leagues mismanagement had an effect with the national team as well. China suffered a number of humiliating defeats, including a 5-1 loss in 2013 to a Thai team composed mainly of junior players that prompted spectators to riot outside the stadium, shouting, Disband the national team!
Baaed on 26 guards' four major indexes of 64 match in 2002 - 2003 league A of CBA, though Q - type analysis, this article makes multiple comparison,objectively reflects the major discrepancy of comprehensive ability of the 3 lands (excellent,good,general)of rear guard, and establishes the differentiate equation in the end.
LEE Bo-mee began golf on home soil and turned professional in 2008 on the Korean LPGA. The 28 year-old is currently driving ahead on the Japan Ladies Professional Golf Association (JLPGA) Tour and had a remarkable seven wins in her first season back in 2015. She broke the all-time record of earnings made by a male or female golfer in Japan that year and was awarded Player of the Year in both 2015 and 2016 for her achievements. She speaks fluent Japanese and is regularly seen on the front of popular magazines or appearing on game shows and chat shows in Japan.
in the run - up to the games , the chinese taipei baseball team , featuring a mixture of professional and amateur players , was the focus of considerable attention . the team captured the bronze medal , but a lopsided 16-5 loss to south korea ( halted according to asian games rules before the full nine innings when korea 's lead exceeded 10 runs ) and a further 4-1 loss to japan dashed the team 's hopes for gold .
according to plans of the r . o . c . professional baseball league , this year 's season will consist of 180 games played in taipei , hsinchu , taichung , tainan and kaohsiung and run from march 17 to mid - october . the four teams are made up of more than 80 top chinese players along with 16 foreigners from the u . s ., panama and the dominican republic .
at the end of the last century , baseball in taiwan suffered a series of blows : players were caught fixing games for gamblers , there was destructive competition between the cpbl and the taiwan major league , and the professional players who represented taiwan internationally did not perform well .
in light of this , the cpaa began actively making contact three years ago with the international paralympics organization , resulting in the giant step forward in 1990 where the group led selected athletes to kobe , japan , to participate in the fifth fespic games ( far east asia south pacific games ) .
in the four - team round - robin final series , the japanese fielded a team entirely composed of professional players . under coach nagashima shigeo , who is virtually synonymous with baseball in japan , the team well and truly lived up to expectations , coming out as champions with an undefeated three wins from three games and only conceding one run .
A total of 151 people (91 athletes and 60 officials) from 23 countries including the United States, Canada, South Korea, and Japan participated in the competitions. A large crowd of spectators came to watch the snowboard big air competitions, acrobatics on the snow, with 1,200 spectators attending the qualifications on 25 November and some 3,000 the finals on 26 November.
Weve seen massive investment in stadiums over the last 30 years, so its going to be a vastly different proposition than it was in 1984, he said. Part of the problem for an L.A. bid is, it may be relatively cheap, but what would its legacy for the Olympic movement and human development be?
Among these three events, only the Chinese womens volleyball team achieved notable success. After the match between the Brazilian and Russian teams in Group A, the pairings for the next round were promptly released. The Chinese team will go up against the Brazilians, Olympic hosts and defending champions. It is likely to be a very challenging match for the Chinese team, judging from both teams previous records.
however , when the german team met the brazilians headed by ronaldo in the final yesterday , they found that there was a limit to what organization and team efficiency could do , whereras the tradition of the brazilian team , namely , the creative inborn talent for soccer , held matchless superiority .
examples include " phoenix scales the heavens " on permanent display in the beijing olympic sports center , " east west gate " a stainless steel lifescape sculpture in front of the orient overseas building in new york city , a series of marble sculptures entitled " peace and prosperity " at the mandarin hotel in singapore , the monumental stone and stainless steel sculptures for the kasumigaura golf course in tsukuba , japan ( including " birth , " " growth , " " cosmic encounter , " and " source of life " ) , the giant statue of guanyin in taipei 's ta - an forest park , and the sculpture series " ancient musical artifacts " at the national concert hall in taipei . yu yu yang 's art works cross international borders and express global values .
in 1994 , still a high - school student , he represented the us on a basketball team that went to the mainland to compete for two weeks . during his trip , he visited such places as beijing , shanghai , and guangzhou . without knowing even a word of chinese , he still took a deep liking to this ancient eastern country .
after the two teams traded the ball back and forth several times , the french team gradually gained the offensive and the brazilian team seemed to be struggling somewhat . before the end of the first half , the french team gained two free kick opportunities , but sadly was unable to take advantage of either . the two sides entered the second half tied at zero .
a friend whose last digits are 4378 says , i believe only the korean team can qualify from the group stage in the future and says that tonight uh croatia will defeat japan 2-0 , brazil will defeat australia 3-1 , and france will defeat korea 3-0 . your prediction is a bit tragic for korea !
professor ch ' en yu - chun of the chinese cultural university and director of its american institute , said that during the process of beijing 's olympics application , taiwan many times expressed its optimism about it , and also its belief that if beijing obtained the right to host the olympics , it would help taiwan peace for the next seven years . this sort of hope is basically accurate , and similar to that of many people internationally .
professor ch ' en yu - chun of the chinese cultural university and director of its american institute , said that during the process of beijing 's olympics application , taiwan many times expressed its optimism about it , and also its belief that if beijing obtained the right to host the olympics , it would help taiwan peace for the next seven years . this sort of hope is basically accurate , and similar to that of many people internationally .
alan chow has won numerous prizes including the grand prize in the palm beach international piano competition , the first prize in the concert artists guild international new york competition , the ucla international new york competition as well as the silver medal and audience favourite prize in the gina bachauer international piano competition .
In lieu of Ye Olde English charm, the Open markets New York noise and night life, the rough and tumble of the big city, notwithstanding the spanking white booths promoting merchandise by Tiffanys and Mercedes and the tourists in tennis outfits, as if ready to play, downing flutes of champagne on the Moet &amp; Chandon Terrace.
Through making technical statistics on top 5 and 6 women volleyball team in 1999 and 2000 world grand prix, the author analyzes the difference in technique among Chinese women volleyball team, Cuba women volleyball team, Russia women volleyball team, Brazil women volleyball team, and discusses the reasons.
If Balentien is successful, he will leave his mark in baseball-obsessed Japan with a new home run record. He will also underscore what experts of the game say is a gradual change in the long-cloistered world of Japanese baseball, a realization that the country cannot stay isolated from the rest of the globe.
With only three home runs to go to match Ohs feat and 26 games left in the season, Balentien, 29, has a more than good chance to beat it  and this time, the Japanese appear happier, or at least resigned, to let the record fall.
Tianjin Quanjian has spent heavily on the former Brazilian striker Alexandre Pato and the Belgian international midfielder Axel Witsel, while Hebei C.F.F.C. finished seventh in 2016 and, under the former Real Madrid and Manchester City coach Manuel Pellegrini, has spent more than any team in the transfer window that closed this week.
Stating the obvious, Brazil is a big place, so fans following their own national teams will have to fly around the country; in the first round every side plays three games in three different cities, and no one knows where (or if) their team will be playing after that. But familiar sites like Kayak, Expedia and Skyscanner stumble when booking flights within Brazil, sometimes badly. In fact, I checked all the major sites I could think of, and not a single one listed flights for all four Brazilian airlines that serve the 12 host cities: Gol, TAM, Azul and Avianca Brazil. Theres also Passaredo, which serves five of the cities. Your best bet is to check them all individually and compare options.
Two of Mr. Butler's teammates, Roy Hibbert and George Hill, are fans of the Shea Souffle moisturizer from a brand called Carol's Daughter. Before a recent game against the New York Knicks, the 7-foot-2 Mr. Hibbert pulled from his backpack a jar in the almond cookie scent. 'I put it on after the games whenever I'm ashy,' the 26-year-old says. 'It just smells really good.'
This college football season opened with Cals 51-31 victory over Hawaii in Sydney, Australia. On Friday night in Shanghai, Stanford scored an 80-70 victory over Harvard in mens basketball  the second game in a series of Pac-12 contests held in China. Washington beat Texas there last year in the first regular-season game in China, and the series will continue next year, the conference announced Friday, with U.C.L.A. facing Georgia Tech.
The other good news is that you dont always need to buy tickets in advance. There are exceptions: if its a game between two big teams, known as a clssico (more on that below), you should be safe and buy tickets beforehand at the stadium, club headquarters or other outlets; ask your taxi driver or hotel staff members. Buying online is sometimes possible but tricky: sites usually require a Brazilian ID number and domestic address.
The bad things derive from his role in one of the biggest gambling scandals in international baseball, a scheme in which Tsai and several dozen other players in the Chinese Professional Baseball League, which is the top-tier league in Taiwan, were accused of throwing games from 2006 to 2009 in exchange for thousands of dollars from gamblers.
they advised Sharapova she would need a lot of time away from the game to let the injury to heal , which puts the 2006 US Open champion 's chances of playing in this year 's final grand slam , starting on August 25 in New York , in doubt
unlike Yao , who didn 't get a taste of American culture until the pre-season games in 2002 due to lengthy negotiations between the Houston Rockets and the Chinese Basketball Association , Yi has embraced the western lifestyle since he arrived in Los Angeles from Shenzhen three months ago .
given the exclusion of Brazilian youth with disabilities from sports , in 2008 the Ministry of Sport recommended organization of a pilot project under the Second Half Program through the National Secretariat of Educational Sport ( Secretaria Nacional de Esporte Educacional ) aimed at developing a proposing a methodology to assist youth with disabilities ( sight , hearing , intellectual , and physical ) in its centers .
in September 2010 , Right to Play participated in the World Conference on Early Childhood Education , hosted by UNESCO , the Government of the Russian Federation and the City of Moscow , and in a round table in New York on the theme of " The value of sport as a development tool , " hosted by the United Nations Office on Sport for Development and Peace .
and this is not only because many coaches of the national teams are , like in the good old days , " foreign mercenaries , " with this Cup 's Swiss guards including the Brazilian coaches of Japan and Portugal , the Swedish coach of England , and the French coach of Tunisia .
83 . to publicize and promote United Nations sport for development and peace activities and programmes and the commemoration of the International Year of Sport and Physical Education , the United Nations New York Office of Sport for Development and Peace produces a fortnightly electronic sport bulletin on behalf of the United Nations Working Group on Sport for Development and Peace .
unlike Yao , who didn 't get a taste of American culture until the pre-season games in 2002 due to lengthy negotiations between the Houston Rockets and the Chinese Basketball Association , Yi has embraced the western lifestyle since he arrived in Los Angeles from Shenzhen three months ago
Ms. Williams and her sister Venus, of course, have crossed over into fashion, as has the French Open champion Maria Sharapova, who has collaborated on footwear and accessories with Cole Haan. In May, Novak Djokovic traded his Sergio Tacchini polos for outfits by Uniqlo, the Japanese fast-fashion retailer.
But where once the interest regularly came from Madrid or Milan, these days the voice on the other end of the line, teams say, is more likely to be calling from Beijing or Shanghai. And increasingly, the Chinese suitors are looking to buy only the best.
One result is that a steady flow of foreign players and coaches, lured by multimillion-dollar contracts, has poured into the Super League in recent years. In Shanghai, locals are reacting to an on-field improvement that has made the club one of the title favorites this season thanks, at least in part, to a significant investment in talent by the teams owner, Shanghai International Port Group.
At a recent practice in Shanghais sprawling suburbs, Shenhuas latest marquee signing, the Australian national team player Tim Cahill, bantered with the captain Giovanni Moreno of Colombia and several Chinese teammates in a mix of English, Chinese and Spanish. The teams interpreters were kept busy as the goalkeepers coach, Juan Mesquida Garcia, barked rapid-fire instructions in Spanish, and the new manager, Francis Gillot, gave interviews to the news media in French.
With only Mexico and Cameroon left to play in the group stage, the Brazilians got past their biggest obstacle of the first round. They are smart enough to know that what awaits them after that in the knockout stage-likely Spain, the Netherlands or Chile-is going to require a different effort from players not named Oscar and Neymar. A little more samba soccer wouldn't hurt either.
Is it a good or bad sign that the marathon, which not long ago was a grass-roots affair for a band of enthusiasts in Central Park, is being compared to Israel, where security measures are likely the strictest in the world? Good that the city is protecting the marathoners and spectators. Bad that something that used to be such a relaxed community gathering has to respect the possibility of violence ruining the day.
Foreign players have thought twice before agreeing to play in Taiwan (at least one foreigner, a manager, was named in the scandal), and an Australian team declined to sign a Taiwanese pitcher who was linked to the scheme but not charged. (He played in the Dodgers farm system this year.) The countrys push to play host to a part of the World Baseball Classic, which is run by Major League Baseball, has slowed as well.
After Alex Teixeiras move to Liverpool fell through, and the Brazilian was sold days later for $55 million to the Chinese Super League club Jiangsu Suning, the former Liverpool defender Mark Lawrenson said in a Liverpool newspaper that Teixeira must have the professional ambition of a gnat.
Travel in Brazil is never entirely without risk, of course, but games are much safer than they used to be. Armed with some advance knowledge, common-sense precautions and a sense of adventure, its far more exciting to sit in the general-admission grandstand. In summary: arrive very early, dont bring valuables, and sit on the edges of the grandstand, not in the middle of the mayhem.
Even teams in small markets cost hundreds of millions of dollars these days. Unless youre Steve Ballmer, the former Microsoft chief who spent $2 billion on the Los Angeles Clippers without the help of outside investors, most potential owners dont have the wherewithal, or the gumption, to finance a purchase themselves. But rather than money without strings attached  investors who would have little involvement beyond writing checks  Lacob and Guber purposefully sought out entrepreneurs and businessmen with attributes and access that complemented their own. Everyone hes partnered with has a strategic reason to be there, says Dennis Mannion, C.E.O. of the Detroit Pistons, who has held executive positions with teams in all four major American sports leagues. You have this phenomenal bullpen of talent.
Following breaking world record of 200-meter breaststroke in 2002 Busan Asian games, Kosuke Kitajima wined two gold medals while creating new world records of 100-meter and 200-meter breaststroke in 2003 world championships. Constructing a yellow empire in the world of highly white man, he deserves true king of breaststroke.
In June, S.I.P.G. paid about $60 million to add the Brazilian striker Hulk from the Russian club Zenit St. Petersburg. In January, the barrel-chested Hulk was joined by his far more silky compatriot Oscar, who cost a similar amount when he was lured from the English powerhouse Chelsea.
Then the Flamengo samba machine swung back into action. The fans started singing again, a love song to their team. Their banners waved like mainsails in a storm. Mourning would wait for later: Flamengo eventually lost 1-0. But in Brazil, telling fans to stop cheering because the opposing team scored would be like telling a D.J. to stop the party because someone danced badly.
Before the arrest in 2009 of the Windshield Wiper, whose real name is Tsai Cheng-yi, the Taiwanese league endured several other game-fixing scandals, remarkable in a league that was founded only in 1989 and has had as few as four teams. Players were kidnapped and pistol-whipped, and their families were threatened. One coach was stabbed. Gangsters were arrested and players banished. Attendance dipped, too, but within a year or two, many fans returned.
Brazil should get its goals against Croatia. The challenge will be controlling Modric, a deceptive midfielder who is the hub of Croatia's attack. Modric isn't flashy, and his exploits don't show up in the obvious places of a standard game report. He didn't score or register an assist during qualifying, but he led the team in nearly every passing category.
Likewise, when the Colombian Jackson Martnez left Atltico Madrid after barely half a season, the presumption was that he couldnt cut it in Madrid. Ramires, the Brazilian sold by Chelsea, and Gervinho, the Ivory Coast striker sold by Roma, are other notable players who have joined Chinese clubs in recent weeks in what The Sun newspaper has called the Great Haul of China.
The style depends on the ability of Neymar to control and guide the offense in the middle of the field, drawing defenders and creating opportunities for striker Frederico Guedes, who in the classic tradition of the best Brazilians goes by the single name Fred. Fred had five goals in as many games in the Confederations Cup and has been part of a wave of top Brazilians who have decided to ply their trade at home in recent years instead of in Europe.
But none of those should dissuade you from experiencing soccer in Brazil. The phrase the beautiful game did not originate in the country, but it accurately describes the fluid and frequently dazzling play youll see. After attending six games last fall, I concluded that Brazilians speak soccer fluently, while everyone else has an accent.
as tseng wen - cheng stresses , " whether management or players , everyone in pro baseball should ask themselves this : when people can just turn on the tv and watch top - shelf games from the us or japan , how can we persuade fans to identify with and support taiwanese professional baseball ? "
A first alleged payment in July 2013 and a second one three months later were made under the title of Tokyo 2020 Olympic Game Bid from a Japanese bank account to a Singapore account held by Black Tidings, the French financial prosecutors office said in a statement yesterday.
Gymnastics artistic made its first debut at the Olympic Games in Log Angeles in 1984. This sport competed in group and team at the Atlantic Olympics in 1996 and gained universal praise. At the Sydney Olympic Games, gymnastics artistic made in four forms: rope, rings, ball and ribbon
January 20 - January 25: "Good Luck Beijing" 2008 Wheelchair Basketball International Invitational Tournament is held in Beijing. Eight teams from Canada, Netherland, Australia, Chinese men, Germany, Japan and Chinese women take part in 5-day competition. This is the only site competition of the Beijing Paralympics. European and American countries dispatch the strongest team for the event. The golden, silver and bronze winners of the Athens Paralympics will make their appearance at the National Indoor Stadium.
Following the United States, Canada and Japan, Korea has become the fourth non-European country to host the Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games. The Games in 2018 will not only be celebrated worldwide, but will also mark a great milestone in Koreas history, raising the countrys profile.
While playing in Japan, I came to take more pride and have deeper affection in my country, Korea. Especially, I have special expectations for the PyeongChang 2018 Games as we are holding the Olympic Games in Korea in thirty years since the last Games. I will do my best to help induce more interest from the people in Japan in the PyeongChang 2018 Games.
The first day of action featured the Slalom Run. Emi HASEGAWA (Japan, 1:54.63) took first place in Ladies Slalom followed by Emiko KIYOSAWA (Japan, 1:56.80) as second place and Ekaterina TKACHENKO (Russia, 1:57.23) in third. Ryunosuke OHKOSHI (Japan, 1:41.43) finished at first place in Mens Slalom followed by Zan GROSELJ (Slovenia, 1:42.04) as second place and Aleksander ANDRIENKO (Russia, 1:42.95) in third.
MOON Jae-in, President of the Republic of Korea said, For the government, this will be the first major international event since we took office. I believe the government has an obligation to make the Games a success. Up until now, the government left this job to the Organizing Committee and Gangwon Province. Now with 200 days left, the central government will join forces to make the PyeongChang Olympic Winter Games a complete success. This is a chance for the people of our nation to heal and regain hope by successfully hosting the Olympic Winter Games.
She said, Korea is where my sporting career began, so I am very excited to be supporting the Olympic and Paralympic Games in PyeongChang and to have the chance to witness other Korean athletes performing in front of home fans. I have been fortunate enough to build an incredible career in Japan and Im thrilled to be representing PyeongChang 2018 not only in Korea but also throughout the world. I hope that fans from all sports will become excited about the Winter Games and get behind athletes to give them lots of support.
To play in Japan made me feel prouder and fonder of Korea. In particular, I have high hopes for PyeongChang 2018 as it is the first Olympic Games held in Korea in 30 years. I will do whatever I can to draw more interest in the Games.
During the establishment of its office, the POCOG carefully reviewed information related to the relocations of the Sochi Organizing Committee for the 2014 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games and the Yeosu Expo Organizing Committee. By doing so, it minimized the risks inherent in such movement of personnel and facilities.
I will always remember the moment when I presented the first olympic gold medal at the los angeles games in 1984, because it was awarded to a chinese athlete, xu haifeng and it was also the first olympic gold medal to be won by a chinese person in the olympic history.
Taking part in the couple's wedding will be some of the world's best skating stars who have flown into Beijing to perform as their gift to the couple. 2006 Olympic champion Evgeni Plushenko of Russia will skate to "Sex Bomb" while Japan's 2010 Olympic silver medalist Mao Asada will perform a tango-inspired program.
There are quite a few out gay athletes competing. You used to never hear about that or see that. There were gay people competing, but they werent out or written about. Slowly, theres starting to be a realization that gays are interested in sports, that theyre actually good at sports, and they can excel and achieve like anyone else.
Aidan Reynolds, 18, was put forward by Lynn Davies, who captained Team GB at Moscow 1980 and Los Angeles 1984.Aidan gave up a promising basketball career to focus on the javelin, winning three medals at national level at the English Schools, UK School Games and English Championships.
So yes, the city has a massive crime problem and the whole affair was just a horrible idea to begin with, but now athletes dont even have the luxury of catching Pikachus in their downtime (if they can find a Pikachu anyway). This successful augmented reality app has been released in at least 28 countries so far, but not in Brazil. Thanks for that.
Tom Daley and his washboard abs are part of Great Britain's diving team. This is his third Olympics! In 2012, he won the bronze medal, but the 22-year-old is hoping for the gold this time around. Since the last Games, Tom has come out as a gay man and in 2015, he got engaged. His fiance is Oscar-winning screenwriter, director and producer Dustin Lance Black.
LOS ANGELES  Dozens of Russian athletes at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, including at least 15 medal winners, were part of a state-run doping program, meticulously planned for years to ensure dominance at the games, according to the director of the countrys antidoping laboratory at the time.
Budapest, Hungary, has lost five bids to host the Games in its history, and it appears to be lagging behind the other three cities with greater Olympic resumes. Paris would be looking to host for the first time since 1924, Rome since 1960 and Los Angeles since 1984.
Guided by former star spiker, the Iron Hammer Lang Ping, the Chinese overcame a second-set scare to defeat Japan 3-1 on the final day of the World Cup in Nagoya to finish top of the 12-team tournament and clinch a direct berth to the 2016 Games.
Grigory Rodchenkov, Russias former anti-doping lab director, told The New York Times in May that he covered up the use of performance-enhancing drugs by Russian Olympians at the 2014 Sochi Games, and that he did so under orders from Russian officials for the ministry of sport.
Her success was one of the stand-out stories of the day at the Olympic Stadium where, earlier in the day, Brazils teenage sensation Petrucio Ferreira dos Santos had got the home crowd roaring as he smashed the world record to take gold in the mens 100m T47
A more sombre political note is sounded by the Folha de S. Paulo website, which notes that the ceremony engaged with social causes and was an uncomfortable experience for Brazils interim president, Michel Temer, who was booed by some in the crowd as he declared the Games open.
Travis: Well, I think it was the last winter Olympics, where, I don't know which channel in the Unites States was covering it but whatever channel was covering it most of the olympics was just people's background and personal stories and profiles and a lot of America got really fed up with it, and I don't know if you were still here in Japan or if you were in the Unites States at the time of the last olympics, but people didn't watch the last olympics in the states.
The country came in second place in the medal rankings in 2004 and 2012, and even top in 2008, so this years haul has upset the sports authorities. Gao Zhidan, vice director for General Administration of Sport of China, said Monday that Team China encountered "unprecedented" challenges and difficulties in Brazil.
'There are a couple of bizarre things that happen,' Schmidt, 47, told an audience in New York last month.'One of the things you get when you win a Nobel Prize is, well, a Nobel Prize. 'It's about that big, that thick [he mimes a disk roughly the size of an Olympic medal], weighs a half a pound, and it's made of gold.
I will always remember the moment when I presented the first olympic gold medal at the los angeles games in 1984, because it was awarded to a chinese athlete, xu haifeng and it was also the first olympic gold medal to be won by a chinese person in the olympic history.
Unlike the Olympic Games that only lasted three to four weeks, this World Expo will showcase the profound history and culture of China for several months, during which visitors from all over the world will be able to view first-hand China's current image and its image for the future.
Its important to me to show images to my children that reflect their beauty so they can grow up in a world where they look in the mirror, first through their own families, as well as the news, the Super Bowl, the Olympics, the White House, and the Grammys, and see themselves.  Beyonce in her acceptance speech for best urban contemporary album.
This is the first World Expo held in a developing country, and is another major global gathering in China following the Beijing Olympics back in 2008. It will be another close contact between China and the rest of the world in a 184-day long dialogue between nations. It will enable China to understand the world better and help the world to know China and Shanghai more and help foster greater friendship among the people. In the eight years of preparations for this Expo, Shanghai and in fact all of China has been working hard to stage a successful, splendid and memorable Expo. We have drawn upon the wisdom and experience of participating nations and groups, to ensure its success.
Images of this hyper-sexualised, commodified male are everywhere, from Hollywood films to glossy magazines and billboard advertising. British journalist Mark Simpson calls them spornosexuals, men who want to look like sportsmen or porn stars, chiselling their physiques through a cocktail of gym sessions, diets and drugs. The spornosexual has evolved from the metrosexual, a term Simpson popularised in the 1990s.
Since the month-long competition opened in Brazil, legionsof Chinese sports fans have been gathering for viewing parties in their living rooms, in factory and school dormitories, and in restaurants and bars, many of which have opened late for the fans to watch matches live on Chinese television.
In Ultraviolent restaurant in Shanghai, fish and chips are served up to a backdrop of the Beatles, while in El Celler de Can Roca in Girona, Spain, scented meringue comes with a commentary describing Barcelona footballer Lionel Messi in action, a clip which apparently brings out the citrus flavours in the dessert.
I will always remember the moment when I presented the first olympic gold medal at the los angeles games in 1984, because it was awarded to a chinese athlete, xu haifeng and it was also the first olympic gold medal to be won by a chinese person in the olympic history.
Its important to me to show images to my children that reflect their beauty so they can grow up in a world where they look in the mirror, first through their own families, as well as the news, the Super Bowl, the Olympics, the White House, and the Grammys, and see themselves.
Taking a broad view of the development of the society,economy and sports of China in the future,and using the experiences and lessons of sports development aftr Tokyo Olympic Games in Japan for reference,it has put forward a developmental sports policy of adopting "popularization and improvement being equally important"after 2008 Beijing Olympic Games.
Analyzing the result material of jump service among the Chinese team, Brazilian team and Italian team in the Men's Volleyball World Cup in 2003, and the effects of jump service of Chinese Men's volleyball in the games, as well as well as the difference of Chinese team with Brazilian team and Italian team, this article gives some counter measures for increasing China men's volleyball training level.
The authors believe that the training plan made by the scientific data of body measurement, blood sample, cardiorespiratory function, maximum oxygen absorption, performance and percentage of winning is the key to insure the Men's Volleyball Team of USA to win the Championships in the 1984 and 1988 Olympic Games (especially in the Los Angeles Olympic Games).
Chinese women volleyball team could not get planning goal in the 27th Olympic Game,and dropped down the second group of world women volleyball  The difference between Chinese and the powerful team of world is getting more  Compared with the contest of Chinese team and powerful team of world,this paper analyzed a lot of technical statistic and tried to find the difference,at the same time,suggested the solution to this trouble
Based on the analysis of the current situation and technological characteristics of national Olympic men's football team in Korean and Japan, the result is whether application of the tactics ability of the technique of the China team and improvement of physical stamina. Psychology, ambition or education of young player isn't as good as Korea and Japan.
In Ultraviolent restaurant in Shanghai, fish and chips are served up to a backdrop of the Beatles, while in El Celler de Can Roca in Girona, Spain, scented meringue comes with a commentary describing Barcelona footballer Lionel Messi in action, a clip which apparently brings out the citrus flavours in the dessert.
They were from 21 swimming teams of the National team, the Shanghai team and the Liaoning team etc. The characteristics, the laws, the causes of knee joint injuries in Chinese frog stroke swimmers were discussed, and their treatment and prevention were approached as well. That is of practical significance for coaches and swimmers to plan their training more reasonably, to improve their training methods, to prevent diseases and to reduce morbidity so as to improve their training level.
By using the methods of literature study, expert consultation and comparison analysis, the author analysed the related indexes of the crural about the final exertion of Chen qi and Li rong - xiang who participated in the National Athletics 2000 in Shanghai, and pointed out some problems about their crural technique .
Coming to the new century, the economic globalization is gearing up. Such major and happy events as China's entry into the WTO, Beijing's successful application of the 2008 Olympic Games, and Shanghai's successful application of the World Trade Exhibition in 2010 are determined to surge a new round investments in this industry.
From Los Angeles to Athens, from the break-through of zero Olympic golds to attracting worldwide attention of 32 gold medals , the second in world, the course of 20 solid years, our country, from a muddleheaded transition progressively of Olympic Games participant for the strong contention person of the sports circles overlord in the world.
Images of this hyper-sexualised, commodified male are everywhere, from Hollywood films to glossy magazines and billboard advertising. British journalist Mark Simpson calls them spornosexuals, men who want to look like sportsmen or porn stars, chiselling their physiques through a cocktail of gym sessions, diets and drugs. The spornosexual has evolved from the metrosexual, a term Simpson popularised in the 1990s.
So yes, the city has a massive crime problem and the whole affair was just a horrible idea to begin with, but now athletes dont even have the luxury of catching Pikachus in their downtime (if they can find a Pikachu anyway). This successful augmented reality app has been released in at least 28 countries so far, but not in Brazil. Thanks for that.
This essay comments on four events occured in  China in 2001 from the angle of pubilc relations  with a summary of materials:Beijing, China succeeded in the sporsor right of 2008 Olympic Games   China football team succeeded in gaining final of world cup   China joined WTO  Shanghai succeeded sponsoring ADEC conference,Which all show the important role the public relation plays in economy
i have stalwarts from my federation who remember attending the tokyo asian games in 1958 when japan had just emerged from the post-war years of foreign occupation and reconstruction . they recall how japan used the games to galvanize the people and to become an economic powerhouse .
yuanshan ice rink and chin wan - nian ice rink have opened , closed , and re-opened more times than one would care to count . even when there is no ice rink to be had , though , he rents facilities all around taiwan so he can carry out practice using in - line skates .
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , april 26 ( reporter yuan ye ) fifa chairman blatter said here on the 26th that fifa will not accept the bid by tunisia and libya for jointly hosting the world cup soccer tournament . he said the decision to allow south korea and japan to jointly host the 2002 world cup at that time was a " politically determined " exception .
according to the reports , since beijing 's olympic bid was successful , the exercise which was previously focused on single items has now entered the stage of combined operations by all three services . central military commission vice chairman zhang wannian will personally go to command in the frontline of the exercise on the eve of the 1 august army day , and advance this exercise which is a simulated attack on taiwan to a climax .
through your feature on taiwanese baseball , its development , and its prospects for the olympics , you have helped bring all this to the attention of chinese everywhere . once august comes , i expect chinese both in taiwan and abroad will come together and cheer on the chinese taipei team . just the thought of it excites me beyond belief !
before the games the ncpfs asked citizens not to bring the roc national flag into any venues in order to avoid controversy . however , during a break in the action in the baseball game between chinese taipei and cuba , a group of taiwanese students studying in spain , attired in bikinis and draped in the national flag , put on an impromptu dance around home plate . this attracted the attention of numerous photographers , and successfully attracted wider attention to the unfair treatment taiwan receives internationally .
a spokesman for lcsd said : " participated by the three invited teams -- turkey , south africa and scotland , and the local team hong kong league xi , the coming soccer tournament will be of great attraction to the soccer fans as the first two visiting teams will take this as their last training opportunity prior to the staging of the 2002 world cup final in japan and korea . "
a batter who is hit by a pitch , or a football player who suffers a dislocation from contact are victims of accidental sports injuries . such was the case with pele ' , star of the brazilian national soccer team , who suffered a broken shinbone on purpose during the third world cup tournament .
tonight , all major television networks in taiwan hooked up to the scene of the voting on the olympics host city taking place in moscow , for complete live coverage . they also had links to various venues in taipei and beijing to give real - time coverage of the responses from various circles .
a moving competition : huang chin - tsuan , who led the team to japan , notes the vigor of japan 's paralympic athletics program , with its organizations and centers spread out all over the country . their volunteers are thickly distributed and knowledgeable . huang says enviously , " even more importantly , regular school phys - ed teachers are prepared with knowledge about the physical education needs of the handicapped , so that disabled students , under the appropriate care , can participate in phys - ed class . "
at the 39th world cup , held in india last year , the r . o . c . was promoted to the first division , where it finished eighth among the men and tenth among the women . and at the asian cup held in japan this may the r . o . c . table tennis team captured a championship in the mixed doubles competition .
in the exhibition , visitors will be able to recall wonderful moments in the sports arena through dozens of photographs of chinese athletes participating in the olympic games history : from the much - remembered china 's debut in the los angeles olympic games in 1932 by mr liu changchun to the outstanding achievements by various chinese olympic gold medallists in the sydney olympic games in 2000 ; as well as the netting of the first olympic gold medal by hong kong athlete miss lee lai - shan in the atlantic olympic games in 1996 .
according to the article , the pace of advance of the olympic games synchronizes with the development of the world economy . since the los angeles olympics , where commerce was for the first time involved in the olympic games , commercialization has become a double-edge sword in the games . while consolidating the economic basis of the olympic games , it has corroded the games , and the international olympic committee [ ioc ] itself has had corrupt activities . stimulants have become a malignant tumor that the ioc finds it hard to eliminate .
according to the article , the pace of advance of the olympic games synchronizes with the development of the world economy . since the los angeles olympics , where commerce was for the first time involved in the olympic games , commercialization has become a double-edge sword in the games . while consolidating the economic basis of the olympic games , it has corroded the games , and the international olympic committee [ ioc ] itself has had corrupt activities . stimulants have become a malignant tumor that the ioc finds it hard to eliminate .
according to the article , the pace of advance of the olympic games synchronizes with the development of the world economy . since the los angeles olympics , where commerce was for the first time involved in the olympic games , commercialization has become a double - edge sword in the games . while consolidating the economic basis of the olympic games , it has corroded the games , and the international olympic committee [ ioc ] itself has had corrupt activities . stimulants have become a malignant tumor that the ioc finds it hard to eliminate .
in the exhibition , visitors will be able to recall wonderful moments in the sports arena through hundred of photographs of chinese olympic gold medallists : from the much - remembered china 's debut in the los angeles olympic games in 1932 by mr liu changchun to those in the sydney olympic games in 2000 .
moreover , lula also announced during the ceremony that robert scheidt , sailing champion of the two olympic games in years 2000 and 2004 , will be the flag bearer for the brazilian olympics delegation attending the opening ceremony of the beijing olympic games . the president also personally handed over the brazilian flag to him .
its revival was reaffirmed by the assembly at its forty - ninth session prior to the 1996 atlanta olympic games , the centennial games , hosted by our country ; again at its fifty - first session on the occasion of the olympic winter games in nagano , japan ; and then again in 1999 prior to the games of the xxvii olympiad in sydney , australia .
chung - kuo shih - pao editorial views taiwan 's stand on prc 's olympic application since president chen shui - bian [ ch'en shui - pien ] made a statement on supporting beijing to host the olympic games shortly after he took office , both the government and the public have formed a relative positive view on helping beijing apply for hosting the olympic games .
beijing olympic bidding committee 's three terms for cohosting olympiad with taipei hong kong , 21 may ( xinhua ) -- speaking here today on the prospects for beijing and the taiwan region to cosponsor the olympic games in 2008 , jiang xiaoyu , vice chairman of the beijing olympic bidding committee , put forth three essential conditions .
taiwan official on report saying beijing may pass olympic torch through taiwan a british " financial times " report from shanghai notes that , to ease the atmosphere for china 's bid for the 2008 olympic games , beijing is likely to propose letting the olympic torch pass through taiwan .
at the 2004 athens olympic games , the brazilian olympic committee put out a similar rule , but it was not observed by all athletes , and some athletes continued to update their blogs every day , feeling it was a way for them to keep in touch with people who cared about them .
ch'en chao-ming , advisor to and coach of taiwan 's baseball association , said : beijing has now won the hosting rights and when the olympic games take place in 2008 , there will be ample opportunities for taiwan athletes to take part in events on the mainland . we hope that sports exchanges across the straits will become more active as a result .
ch'en chao-ming , advisor to and coach of taiwan 's baseball association , said : beijing has now won the hosting rights and when the olympic games take place in 2008 , there will be ample opportunities for taiwan athletes to take part in events on the mainland . we hope that sports exchanges across the straits will become more active as a result .
the great challenge now is to take the first practical steps towards turning into reality the observance of the olympic truce , or ekecheria , during the summer and winter olympics , beginning with the winter olympics in nagano , japan . the olympic truce is an expression of the yearning of mankind for peace , understanding and reconciliation , and for the noble notion of distinction , based on honest competition .
those who have reservations about the motion point out that many countries or cities which have hosted large scale international sporting events including the olympic games , the asian games and the world cup have met with failures and their local economy suffered as a result . the most famous example is the 1976 montreal olympic games in canada . however , we have also seen many successful examples , such as the post-war tokyo asian games , the recent los angeles olympic games and the 1994 world cup in the united states . the hosting countries and cities made a deep impression on people and the events were a great success .
ch ' en chao - ming , advisor to and coach of taiwan 's baseball association , said : beijing has now won the hosting rights and when the olympic games take place in 2008 , there will be ample opportunities for taiwan athletes to take part in events on the mainland . we hope that sports exchanges across the straits will become more active as a result .
we also support all the proposals on the necessary measures to ensure observance of the olympic truce during the olympic games , in particular the games to take place from 7 to 22 february 1998 at nagano , japan , games which will be a bridge to the twenty - first century .
according to xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 7 , the brazilian football confederation said on the 7th that brazilian soccer star robinho and ronaldinho from top teams in spain la liga , real madrid and barcelona , will be selected onto the brazil team as over - age players , and take parts in the beijing olympic games soccer competition .
with a major international competition like the forshang cup being held once a year , the ioc can hardly overlook chinese chess any longer . what are the chances of getting a purely asian game selected as an official olympic event ? it would not be unprecedented . japan successfully promoted judo at the time of the 1964 tokyo olympics , and korea 's taekwondo will soon become an official olympic event as well .
a top level decision-making official pointed out : in the past , when taiwan tried to bid for sponsoring the asian games or sponsoring the annual apec meeting , communist china repeatedly suppressed us or intentionally evaded its involvement . if beijing can be successful in sponsoring the olympic games and agrees to hold related olympic activities in taiwan , it will be beijing 's goodwill response .
with a major international competition like the forshang cup being held once a year , the ioc can hardly overlook chinese chess any longer . what are the chances of getting a purely asian game selected as an official olympic event ? it would not be unprecedented . japan successfully promoted judo at the time of the 1964 tokyo olympics , and korea 's taekwondo will soon become an official olympic event as well .
a top level decision-making official pointed out : in the past , when taiwan tried to bid for sponsoring the asian games or sponsoring the annual apec meeting , communist china repeatedly suppressed us or intentionally evaded its involvement . if beijing can be successful in sponsoring the olympic games and agrees to hold related olympic activities in taiwan , it will be beijing 's goodwill response .
furthermore , the successful biddings by china to host the olympic games 2008 in beijing and the 2010 world expo in shanghai as well as china 's accession to the world trade organisation ( wto ) are anticipated as further stimulus to air traffic growth in the asia pacific region , " he said .
a top level decision - making official pointed out : in the past , when taiwan tried to bid for sponsoring the asian games or sponsoring the annual apec meeting , communist china repeatedly suppressed us or intentionally evaded its involvement . if beijing can be successful in sponsoring the olympic games and agrees to hold related olympic activities in taiwan , it will be beijing 's goodwill response .
taijiquan was first made an official international sport in 1990 at the asian games in beijing . since that time , chan has represented taiwan at international events in beijing , shanghai , hiroshima , pusan , italy , and bangkok . except for his first outing in beijing , where he placed fifth , he has won either a silver or gold medal in every international event which he has entered .
" the successful bid by shanghai will bring the 2010 international world 's fair and exposition to mainland china for the first time . this is another opportunity for the 1.2 billion chinese people in the mainland to celebrate after beijing got the right to host the 2008 olympic games .
the roc team took one gold , two silvers , and four bronzes , marking the first time any taiwan athlete has returned from an olympic games with a gold . also , as part of the events , taiwan 's crescent moon dance troupe , made up of handicapped persons , was the only foreign troupe invited by the australian government to participate in the paralympic arts festival .
according to a report , in order to further advocate the " safe olympics " idea to the entire society , strengthen olympic security consciousness promotions and educational work , build a harmonious societal environment and hold a safe olympics , the national drug prevention committee office scheduled april 29th as the day that six cities involved in the olympics will hold a security drug prohibition day publicity event 100 days before the olympics . these six cities are beijing , shanghai , tianjin , qingdao , shenyang and qinhuangdao .
furthermore , the successful biddings by china to host the olympic games 2008 in beijing and the 2010 world expo in shanghai as well as china 's accession to the world trade organisation ( wto ) are anticipated as further stimulus to air traffic growth in the asia pacific region , " he said .
even though it 's still classified as an exhibition event , baseball is the focus of high hopes by the chinese public at this year 's olympic games . that 's because the r . o . c . team , judged by its third - place finish at the los angeles olympics four years ago and the current strength of the other countries ' squads , possesses a good chance of coming up with a medal . "
worldwide attention was focused on the 2008 olympic games , which in the end fell to the city of beijing , setting off thunderous cheers in beijing , with singing and dancing all night . taiwan also followed in the cheering and inspiration , congratulating the chinese people on finally , impressively becoming the center of the world stage .
worldwide attention was focused on the 2008 olympic games , which in the end fell to the city of beijing , setting off thunderous cheers in beijing , with singing and dancing all night . taiwan also followed in the cheering and inspiration , congratulating the chinese people on finally , impressively becoming the center of the world stage .
as to the foreign news agency report that beijing is planning to let the olympic torch pass through taiwan , a senior official familiar with cross-strait policymaking noted that : if this came from a prc official , it would be a quite good-willed action . but since beijing has not yet won the right to host the olympic games , there neither should be or are any plans in this respect .
and then at olympic trials of different countries , there were mixtures of happiness and concerns , as well as surprises and dangers , but almost all famous swimmers got olympic qualifications , except for occasional slightly unexpected results . for example , takashi yamamoto , silver medalist in men 's 200 butterfly at athens olympics finished just the third at japanese trials and failed to qualify for the olympics .
as to the foreign news agency report that beijing is planning to let the olympic torch pass through taiwan , a senior official familiar with cross-strait policymaking noted that : if this came from a prc official , it would be a quite good-willed action . but since beijing has not yet won the right to host the olympic games , there neither should be or are any plans in this respect .
in the middle of may the second east asian games were held in pusan , south korea . during the 10 days of tightly scheduled competitions , athletes from nine different asian nations and territories competed in 13 different sports . mainland china , japan and south korea topped the medals chart , but roc athletes also performed well , especially the men 's basketball team , which won a thrilling one - point victory over south korea to earn their first gold medal in over 43 years of international competition .
as to the foreign news agency report that beijing is planning to let the olympic torch pass through taiwan , a senior official familiar with cross - strait policymaking noted that : if this came from a prc official , it would be a quite good - willed action . but since beijing has not yet won the right to host the olympic games , there neither should be or are any plans in this respect .
at least half of the field has been black , and in the finals of the men 's 100 meters at the 1984 los angeles games all eight runners were black . carl lewis , a black american , emerged as the star of the track portion of the ' 84 games capturing four gold medals : in the 100 meters , 200 meters , the long jump , and the 4100 meters relay .
let me close by expressing my sincere thanks to the international olympic committee for organizing a world conference on sport and olympic volunteerism last month in new york city as a gesture of solidarity in the framework of the united nations current international year of volunteers .
as to the foreign report that beijing is planning to let the olympic torch pass through taiwan , a senior policymaker said that , if mainland chinese officials made that announcement , " it would certainly be quite a good - willed action , " which we would respond to at the time .
as to the foreign report that beijing is planning to let the olympic torch pass through taiwan , a senior policymaker said that , if mainland chinese officials made that announcement , " it would certainly be quite a good - willed action , " which we would respond to at the time .
as a result of hong kong 's return to the prc , shanghai is no longer a stranger to the notion of health and fitness . to top that off , china 's recent successful bid to host the olympic games has generated an upsurge in sports enthusiasm . and in shanghai , one of the pacesetters of the times , a lifestyle integrating fashion trends , health , and recreation is regarded as being emblematic of status .
in taiwan , the democratic progressive party [ dpp ] - chen shui - bian authorities believed that after winning the olympic bid , the mainland would show greater restraint on the taiwan issue so as to ensure the smooth hosting of the games and to ensure stability and avoid troubles . this would reduce the possibility of the use of force against " taiwan independence . "
in late march , us congresswoman pelosi and others sponsored a motion in congress , which was adopted by the house committee on international relations , to support taiwan 's entry into the world health organization ( who ) and oppose beijing 's bid for the 2008 olympics . this is not only a gross violation of the aim and principle of the olympics , but also shows that the us conservative forces are gaining ground with the intention of preventing china from rising .
in late march , us congresswoman pelosi and others sponsored a motion in congress , which was adopted by the house committee on international relations , to support taiwan 's entry into the world health organization ( who ) and oppose beijing 's bid for the 2008 olympics . this is not only a gross violation of the aim and principle of the olympics , but also shows that the us conservative forces are gaining ground with the intention of preventing china from rising .
information from taiwan is that being despicable crooks , the diehard " taiwan independence " characters have indeed hatched their wicked plans over this huge happy event of the successful olympic bid of the chinese mainland . they want to take advantage of the mainland ' successful olympic bid to persist in their fight against the mainland .
information from taiwan is that being despicable crooks , the diehard " taiwan independence " characters have indeed hatched their wicked plans over this huge happy event of the successful olympic bid of the chinese mainland . they want to take advantage of the mainland ' successful olympic bid to persist in their fight against the mainland .
president chen opened his national day address by greeting listeners in mandarin , taiwanese , hakka , and aboriginal languages . then , taking the winning of olympic gold by taiwanese athletes as a starting point , he recalled taiwan 's long hard road to development and the current tough challenges it faces in global society .
there are many who dream of participating in the olympics , but the players who congregate at the forshang cup do not give the impression that they are hell - bent on winning . the players are on friendly terms , and seem more like " cultural ambassadors " than olympic gladiators . although the main character of shogi master in the moonlight goes to extreme lengths for the sake of a win , you do n't see that kind of display at the forshang cup .
if the mainland succeeds in the application for hosting the olympic games , taiwan businessmen , under the pressure of the competition in cross-strait economic development , will become even more enthusiastic about making investment on the mainland and the mainland will be regarded as an important target for international capital . in this case , taiwan 's advantage in competition will decrease .
those chinese who travel to korea may feel that walking the streets of either seoul or taipei amounts to basically the same thing , with the possible exception of the addition of a subway and an olympic stadium in seoul . but even this much of a difference will cause chinese to sigh and say , " korea has passed us by . "
it was only in 1984 , when the iwf passed international rules , that women 's weightlifting formally became a competitive event . in that year , tsai was participating in the men 's weightlifting at the los angeles olympics . his coach , yang chin - kun , brought back to taiwan the news that women 's weightlifting would become an event . " you could say that he deserves most of the credit for the development of women 's weightlifting in taiwan , " says track and field coach chen ku - feng .
if the mainland succeeds in the application for hosting the olympic games , taiwan businessmen , under the pressure of the competition in cross-strait economic development , will become even more enthusiastic about making investment on the mainland and the mainland will be regarded as an important target for international capital . in this case , taiwan 's advantage in competition will decrease .
if the mainland succeeds in the application for hosting the olympic games , taiwan businessmen , under the pressure of the competition in cross - strait economic development , will become even more enthusiastic about making investment on the mainland and the mainland will be regarded as an important target for international capital . in this case , taiwan 's advantage in competition will decrease .
reigning world grand prix title holders russia beat hosts and two - time world champions china 4 - 15 , 15 - 11 , 15 - 13 , 10 - 15 , 15 - 13 in the semi - finals to qualify for the final at the on - going gd guangdong cup world women 's volleyball grand prix finals here on saturday .
they think that after the successful bid , the mainland will show greater restraint toward taiwan and will be less likely to resort to force against " taiwan independence " in order to ensure their smooth hosting of the games and in order to ensure stability and avoid troubles .
chinanews.com , shanghai , april 27 ( jiang yu and duan gengqiang ) shanghai sharks men 's basketball coach li qiuping disclosed here today that as yao ming is currently recovering from a recent surgery due to his injury , there should n't be a big problem for him to participate in the beijing olympics .
the taiwan media also quoted some beijing officials and think tank scholars who deal with taiwan as saying that beijing holding the olympics and development of the cross-strait relationship are not necessarily completely related . the cross-strait relationship still requires looking at the policy of the taiwan political party in power : if the democratic progressive party ( dpp ) carefully creates an atmosphere in which beijing would tolerate separatist actions in taiwan before the olympics , that would be misleading and incorrect .
the taiwan media also quoted some beijing officials and think tank scholars who deal with taiwan as saying that beijing holding the olympics and development of the cross - strait relationship are not necessarily completely related . the cross - strait relationship still requires looking at the policy of the taiwan political party in power : if the democratic progressive party ( dpp ) carefully creates an atmosphere in which beijing would tolerate separatist actions in taiwan before the olympics , that would be misleading and incorrect .
swimming , however , in spite of the great strides made in seoul this year , pales in comparison to international rankings . the performances from this year 's games would not rank among the top 10 international results in most events . in fact , except for japan 's nagasuki koko ( who is world ranked in the women 's 200 - meter breaststroke ) , no asian country has produced a swimmer of international caliber in the past ten years .
according to account , the chinese american association of commerce has allied with over 100 overseas chinese organizations in the bay areas , seattle , and los angeles to organize overseas chinese to get ready to welcome the arrival of the olympic torch in order to cheer and root for the torch .
did n't the men 's team just bring the silver medal back from barcelona ? from the days of " winning glory for the nation " and the dream of going to williamsport to dreams of olympic gold and the big leagues , young ballplayers in taiwan have never lacked for motivations to win . from teams stacked with " ringers " and the " win - the - medal " mentality to subsidies and the unified competition , it seems that adults in tai wan are finally trying to move away from the " elite " teams of the past .
they think that after the successful bid , the mainland will show greater restraint toward taiwan and will be less likely to resort to force against " taiwan independence " in order to ensure their smooth hosting of the games and in order to ensure stability and avoid troubles .
they think that after the successful bid , the mainland will show greater restraint toward taiwan and will be less likely to resort to force against " taiwan independence " in order to ensure their smooth hosting of the games and in order to ensure stability and avoid troubles .
the olympic torch is scheduled to arrive in tanzania at approximately 10 a.m. ( 3 a.m. on the 13th , taiwan time ) . a previously issued official statement said dar es salaam " is determined to become the first trouble - free leg of the torch relay , and is looking to follow in the footsteps of buenos aires . "
after the aircraft collision incident , the united states proposed many " retaliatory " options such as granting visit or transit visas to the government of taiwan , limiting military contact between the two countries , ending or reducing official exchanges , restricting technology transfers to china , obstructing china 's application for the olympic games , and strengthening arms sales to taiwan , etc. .
chang chih - chia , for example , was red - hot in 2001 and was picked up by a japanese professional team . other players like lin yueh - ping , kao chih - kang , and tu chang - wei also have high hopes that they can use the olympics as a way to up their market value .
wu bangguo welcomed representatives of the japan - china friendship association of tokyo metropolitan and chunichi shimbun and expressed gratitude to japan 's sagawa express for supporting the beijing international highway relay race 10 years in a row . he also hoped the relay would achieve a complete success .
as long as the dalai lama gives up supporting tibetan independence advocates and stops activities to split the motherland , in particular stops incitements to violent criminal activities in tibet and other places that undermine the beijing olympics and recognizes tibet and taiwan as inalienable parts of chinese territory , we are willing to continue contacts and talks with him .
on may 20 chen chuan - show , a life - long devotee of sports , assumed a set of heavy duties as chairman for the national council on physical fitness and sports ( ncpfs ) . chen is the first olympic athlete to hold this position . with a doctorate in medical science from japan and his experience developing physical education specialists in his previous position as president of the national taiwan college of physical education ( ntcpe ) in taichung , his expertise is his greatest asset .
in his speech , mr leung gave an account of the salient business opportunities offered by mainland china - from property development in leading cities to major infrastructural projects in power supply and environmental and transport development , from corporate restructuring , re-marketing and refinancing in the wake of wto entry to forthcoming major projects like beijing olympics 2008 and shanghai world expo 2010 .
wu bangguo welcomed representatives of the japan - china friendship association of tokyo metropolitan and chunichi shimbun and expressed gratitude to japan 's sagawa express for supporting the beijing international highway relay race 10 years in a row . he also hoped the relay would achieve a complete success .
the beijing international highway relay race sponsored by the beijing municipal association for promoting friendship with foreign countries and the china track and field association started on 20 february . athletes from 14 countries including china , japan , dprk , vietnam , russia and denmark are taking part in the race .
the beijing international highway relay race sponsored by the beijing municipal association for promoting friendship with foreign countries and the china track and field association started on 20 february . athletes from 14 countries including china , japan , dprk , vietnam , russia and denmark are taking part in the race .
born in 1983 , in what is now uzbekistan 's capital city of tashkent , kabaeva represented russia in the sydney and athens olympics . she was also the artistic gymnastics champion in the athens olympics . she had sexy pictures of her taken for a magazine , only wrapped in a piece of fur . she also acted in a japanese action movie , red shadow .
the 2010 world fair in shanghai will follow close on the heels of the 2008 olympics in beijing . aside from making the locals ecstatic , the two events are also expected to be tremendous boons to foreign investors , as they will generate myriad business opportunities in the future .
preparing to celebrate beijing 's successful olympic bid , the taiwan - based cra arranged to have two large television sets and scores of chairs placed at the front gate of the dr . sun yat - sen memorial hall , near jen - ai road , while waiting for the final decision of the international olympic committee to come from moscow .
in addition , the " organizations with delegated authorities from the managing institution " referred to in the " regulations of taiwanese reporter interviewing in motherland mainland during beijing olympic games and its preparation period " mean the hong kong china travel service , macao china travel service and related units will handle visa issues of taiwan residents coming to the mainland .
it was reported that , in applying for sponsoring the 2008 olympic games , beijing intends to let the torch pass through taiwan . if this talk can be officially confirmed , it will be an important message worthy of observation in view of the current low - spirited cross - strait relations .
in addition , the " organizations with delegated authorities from the managing institution " referred to in the " regulations of taiwanese reporter interviewing in motherland mainland during beijing olympic games and its preparation period " mean the hong kong china travel service , macao china travel service and related units will handle visa issues of taiwan residents coming to the mainland .
1. urges member states to observe the olympic truce during the xviii winter olympic games , which will be held in nagano , japan , from 7 to 22 february 1998 , the vision of which is to be a link to the twenty - first century , inspiring the search for wisdom for the new era , respect for the beauty and bounty of nature and the furtherance of peace and goodwill ;
in fact , chen stated , taiwanese are very happy to see reform move forward in china and to see china rise up in a stable fashion . taiwanese also wish the prc success in holding the 2008 beijing olympics , hoping that it will be a successful event conducted in accordance with the olympic spirit of peace and equality .
it was reported that , in applying for sponsoring the 2008 olympic games , beijing intends to let the torch pass through taiwan . if this talk can be officially confirmed , it will be an important message worthy of observation in view of the current low - spirited cross - strait relations .
preparing to celebrate beijing 's successful olympic bid , the taiwan - based cra arranged to have two large television sets and scores of chairs placed at the front gate of the dr . sun yat - sen memorial hall , near jen - ai road , while waiting for the final decision of the international olympic committee to come from moscow .
an analyst with the taiwan military 's intelligence department pointed out on 15 july that china 's decision to cut 500,000 ground troops will definitely be resisted by grassroots military personnel . however , after winning the olympic bid , china 's higher level has sufficient grounds to ask for full cooperation from the military . that is , all traditional construction resources must promptly go into preparing for the 2008 beijing olympic games .
an analyst with the taiwan military 's intelligence department pointed out on 15 july that china 's decision to cut 500,000 ground troops will definitely be resisted by grassroots military personnel . however , after winning the olympic bid , china 's higher level has sufficient grounds to ask for full cooperation from the military . that is , all traditional construction resources must promptly go into preparing for the 2008 beijing olympic games .
preparing to celebrate beijing 's successful olympic bid , the taiwan - based cra arranged to have two large television sets and scores of chairs placed at the front gate of the dr . sun yat - sen memorial hall , near jen - ai road , while waiting for the final decision of the international olympic committee [ ioc ] to come from moscow .
taekwondo of the korean ethnicity , japan 's judo , and china 's martial arts , among others , are all the quintessence of national cultures in military training . these unique activities , set up as olympic competition events , have not only enriched and developed the olympic culture but also promoted the military training of soldiers of all nationalities .
day after day , the eyes of the whole world are turned towards the atlanta olympic games , where athletes of every nation are competing together to be the best in world , while also celebrating of the centenary of the modern olympiad . this should have been the world 's most joyous event of the year , but from the very moment the games opened they have been marred by a series of unfortunate incidents . first , there was the deadly bomb attack at the olympic centennial park , the perpetrators of which are still at large . then police at an olympic venue arrested , and may prosecute , two students from taiwan who were waving roc flags while cheering on our table tennis player chen jing .
xinhua news agency , brasilia , january 24 , sports special ( reporters : zhao yan and chen weihua ) . during the pan-american games , all brazilian athletes are not to write blogs , update online albums or other personal web pages ; any violations will be punished by cancellation of their qualifications to compete .
regrettably , in this olympics , facing the finest athletes from all over , taiwan 's participants had little room to show their stuff . yet taiwan culture played an important role in the event : even before the olympics had begun , a song of the ami people of eastern taiwan was already sweeping across the lands of the 190 - plus members of the international olympic committee .
wu po - hsiung , president of taiwan 's world federation of hakka associations and vice chairman of the chinese kuomintang , also said upon hearing the good news : " i congratulate beijing on winning the hosting rights for the 2008 olympic games with a gloriously big majority vote . i would like to extend the highest congratulations to the people of beijing and all across china , on behalf of the hakka folks in taiwan . this is the honor of all chinese people the world over and also the honor of us hakkas .
the roc team achieved splendid results , garnering eight gold , 22 silver and 19 bronze medals . although the tally fell behind that of mainland china , japan , korea and kazakhstan , it was an improvement over the two golds and 17 silvers the roc won at the first east asian games , and it increases the team 's confidence as it prepares for next year 's asian games in bangkok . the ministry of education , meanwhile , announced that it would divide nearly nt $10 million among the gold medal winners .
wu po - hsiung , president of taiwan 's world federation of hakka associations and vice chairman of the chinese kuomintang , also said upon hearing the good news : " i congratulate beijing on winning the hosting rights for the 2008 olympic games with a gloriously big majority vote . i would like to extend the highest congratulations to the people of beijing and all across china , on behalf of the hakka folks in taiwan . this is the honor of all chinese people the world over and also the honor of us hakkas .
and in their first day of matches , team members chen shih - hsin and chu mu - yen did n't let their supporters down . they kicked a swathe through the competition to earn gold in their classes - women 's under 49 kg and men 's under 58 kg respectively - and set a brilliant record for taiwanese olympic athletes .
the heavy - hitting brother elephants surprisingly failed to make it to the championship series , which was eventually won by the uni - president lions . two years ago in the asian games , taiwan 's national team thrilled fans with a narrow victory over south korea that still lingers fresh in memory . the national team will have a chance to strut its stuff again in august at the athens olympics .
bocog signed similar documents on may 25 , 2004 , with the qingdao municipal government and the sailing committee ( qingdao ) of beijing organising committee for the games of the xxix olympiad and on july 19 , 2005 , with the cities of tianjin , shanghai , shenyang and qinhuangdao , which will stage the football qualifying matches for 2008 beijing olympics .
in the 1994 asian games , held this october in hiroshima , japan , chinese taipei won seven gold , 12 silver and 24 bronze medals . it was the biggest haul ever in the 40 years that chinese taipei has competed , both overall and in terms of golds . " mom , my competition is over , i got the gold medal ! "
6th asian regatta ( windsurfing ) china open ( badminton , table tennis ) canadian open ( badminton ) singapore open ( windsurfing ) japan open ( table tennis , squash ) finland open ( table tennis ) french open ( badminton ) silver bowl , melbourne ( badminton ) german open ( disabled sports ) sweden open ( table tennis ) benawi cup ( table tennis ) dianshan hu cup , shanghai ( rowing ) hong kong - singapore meet ( swimming ) tokyo open championships ( table tennis ) samaranch cup ( table tennis ) australian age group championships ( swimming ) arafura sports festival australia ( badminton ) qantas meet , sydney ( swimming ) australian national games ( disabled ) bellinzona int ' l meet , switzerland ( swimming ) british age group championships ( swimming ) british national swimming championships tokyo international swimming competition , tokyo tokyo excellence meet ( swimming ) welsh national swimming championships penang open sailing regatta ( windsurfing ) singapore quantas speedcrossing ( windsurfing ) singapore boardsailing championships ( windsurfing ) oita international wheelchair marathon 1989 fespic games 1992 paralympic games
these events stand in ironic contrast to the music of an olympic promotional video clip which not long before had attracted much attention in taiwan , and which before the formal opening of the olympic games was heard in all the countries of the ioc , and constantly broadcast in tv sports programs in the runup to the games - the " song of joy , " sung by ami aboriginals from taiwan . with politics rearing its head on the pure soil of sport in such blatant and violent fashion , our much - bemoaned failure to " strike gold " in atlanta does not seem so important , for what we should really hope for is the sound development of sport for the whole nation , and improvement in our citizens ' physical health , rather than just the highly concentrated training of a few natural talents to win medals in the international sporting arena .
the ioc gave the right to hold the 1992 olympics to barcelona , spain , and provided that city with several decades of development before and since ; it gave our neighbors korea and japan an economic high - speed developmental expressway , and merged the southern hemisphere city of sydney more closely with the world .
the ioc gave the right to hold the 1992 olympics to barcelona , spain , and provided that city with several decades of development before and since ; it gave our neighbors korea and japan an economic high - speed developmental expressway , and merged the southern hemisphere city of sydney more closely with the world .
on the other , the mainland is booming , with beijing 's successful bid to host the olympic games and china 's imminent wto accession , providing a vast market and business opportunities for taiwan and the world . therefore , taiwan compatriots certainly pin their hopes on the win - win situation and common prosperity of the two sides of the strait through seeking reunification .
as to the foreign report that beijing is planning to let the olympic torch pass through taiwan , a senior policymaker said that , if mainland chinese officials made that announcement , " it would certainly be quite a good - willed action , " which we would respond to at the time .
in taiwan , the democratic progressive party [ dpp ] - chen shui - bian authorities believed that after winning the olympic bid , the mainland would show greater restraint on the taiwan issue so as to ensure the smooth hosting of the games and to ensure stability and avoid troubles . this would reduce the possibility of the use of force against " taiwan independence . "
xinhua news agency , brasilia on january 14 , sports special ( reporter chen weihua , zhao yan ) world beach soccer champion team brazil beat world star league , which was composed of multi - country players , 7 - 6 on the 14 th in sao paulo , setting a new record of 44 consecutive wins .
The list of Olympic participants targeted by Brazilian boos is long and varied: Russians, due to its doping scandal; Spaniards, as symbols of Latin American colonialism; a tennis ball boy who had butterfingers; favoriteslike the poor Romanian womens handball teamwhen they played the underdogs; and, of course, anyone from Brazils historic rival Argentina, who probably get the worst of it.
Grigory Rodchenkov, Russias former anti-doping lab director, told The New York Times in May that he covered up the use of performance-enhancing drugs by Russian Olympians at the 2014 Sochi Games, and that he did so under orders from Russian officials for the ministry of sport.
A Japanese research company called ALE Co. (aka Star-ALE) is bidding to put on a sensational pyrotechnics display for the opening ceremony of the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. But this is no regular fireworks show: ALE Co.'s 'Sky Canvas' is an artificially created meteor shower  uh-huh  which would see hundreds of tiny, coloured fireballs rain down over the host city.
LOS ANGELES  Dozens of Russian athletes at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, including at least 15 medal winners, were part of a state-run doping program, meticulously planned for years to ensure dominance at the games, according to the director of the countrys antidoping laboratory at the time.
Less than 24 hours after the conclusion of the 2014 World Cup final, most of the world's soccer fans are focused on the numbers 1 and 0 -- the score line by which Germany defeated Argentina in the hard-fought contest Sunday in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
From the laid-back beaches of Rio de Janeiro, which hosts the Cup final, to the button-down streets of Sao Paulo, which hosts the opening match, this soccer-mad country is surprisingly subdued on the eve of hosting the world's largest sporting event, one that Brazil has won a record five times.
Guangzhou Evergrande has won two of the past three Asian Champions League titles, and there is a rising number of famous coaches in the league, such as Luiz Felipe Scolari, the 2002 World Cup winner with Brazil, and Sven-Goran Eriksson, the former head coach of Englands national team.
According to Baidu Wiki, at first this post was not noticed, but as the teams advances out of group matches and the tournament entered the knockout stage, especially when the Netherlands beat the popular 5 times champion Brazil, this post quickly attracted more attention and discussions.
And, since the attacks, the anthem has been played at sporting events around the world, including at N.B.A. games at Madison Square Garden, where the Knicks played the New Orleans Pelicans, and at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, where the Clippers played the Detroit Pistons, and at several N.H.L. games in Canada.
This isnt to say that owners have no impact. They choose how to spend their money  and how much of it to spend. They determine the goals of a franchise and how it will go about attaining them. But their attempts to directly influence the sports side of their operations have usually ended badly. These people have been wildly successful in all their endeavors, says Jerry West, the N.B.A. Hall of Famer who spent 20 years as the general manager of the Los Angeles Lakers. But being involved in a sports team is so much different than anything theyve done in their lives.
'The World Cup is going to happen anyway. So why not take advantage of it?' said Patricia Casaes, a 36-year-old stay-at-home mom who was buying the Brazilian jersey for her family at a bustling street fair in downtown Sao Paulo. 'Starting Thursday, everyone here is going to get very excited and they will forget about the problems and the protests. Everyone will be in the World Cup mood.'
By analysing the status guo of the individual dribbleofferce ability in the Brazilian and Italian football teams during the final of the 15th Worldcup Gamethe author tries to reveal the guantity and guality of this tactics applied in different match-areas so as to provide a reference for the training avrangement and the competition tactics of football teams at all levels
For his costly 2013 effort, Mr. Blumencranz dutifully did all his training leading up to Kona, the pinnacle of swim-run-bike sport  a one-day 2.4-mile swim, 112-mile bike ride and 26.2-mile marathon through the islands torrid, wind-swept lava fields. Qualifying was difficult: Although he had twice completed the Ironman distance race in Lake Placid, N.Y., Mr. Blumencranz is not an elite athlete.
But instead of coming together to extol such triumphs on the global stage as the host of the World Cup, the soccer tournament starting on Thursday with teams from 32 countries, a grim mood is dividing many Brazilians as resentment simmers over the ballooning costs of the mega-event and a sluggish post-boom economy saps optimism.
The reasons officials and coaches cite for the decline are varied. For starters, other Asian countries have caught up in terms of resources put into womens soccer. Japan is the reigning World Cup champion. Australia, which plays in the Asian region, is ranked ahead of China, and so is North Korea, though it was barred from this years Cup because of a doping scandal.
You also wont run out of soccer-related things to do between games. In Rio, theres the small museum at Maracan, Brazils most famous soccer stadium. (The museum remains open during pre-Cup stadium renovations.) Elsewhere, the citys beaches host informal games, known as peladas. One of the more regular and impressive ones is the Pelada de Siqueira Campos, on Copacabana beach just off the street of the same name, on Sundays at 10:30 a.m. Its serious business, and looks utterly exhausting. And on both Copacabana and Ipanema beaches, youll find lots of impressive futevolei, a version of volleyball played soccer style, with no hand or arm contact.
If Guangzhou can keep going like this, it will be at the top of Asian soccer for years, and who knows what it can achieve? Damjanovic said. It is good for Asia. Guangzhou is pushing China, Korea and Japan and all of the continent to play better.
A victory over the United States would allow China to reassert its primacy in womens soccer in Asia. Japan is the reigning World Cup champion. Australia, which plays in the Asian confederation, is ranked ahead of China. So is North Korea, though it was barred from this World Cup because of a doping scandal.
For years, fans in China have watched South Korea and Japan succeed at both the club and national levels. The two neighbors to the east send an increasing number of young players to the big European leagues, reach the knockout stages at World Cups and fight for medals at the Olympics.
If you read Jackson this way, as most people do, you will have an intermittently good time, and you will come away with a handful of memorable tidbits. You will learn, for instance, that Jerry Buss, the former Los Angeles Lakers owner who died in 2013 (and the father of Jacksons fiance), had a penchant for hanging out with young girls and dancing till 3 in the morning. You will learn that in Game 6 of the 1997 N.B.A. finals, the Chicago Bulls equipment manager accidentally gave the players GatorLode, a high-carbohydrate drink, rather than Gatorade, meaning that each player ingested the equivalent of about 20 baked potatoes.
Its investments quickly paid off: Guangzhou has won five straight Chinese Super League titles, and it now averages crowds of nearly 46,000 a game. Last summer, the team hired Brazils former World Cup manager, Luiz Felipe Scolari; he quickly delivered Guangzhous second Asian Champions League title in three years.
Jean-Franois Martins, the citys deputy mayor in charge of sports, has said it is all part of a plan to make the citys swimming pools more eco-responsible in preparation for the 2024 Olympic Games, which Paris is in the running to host. (Los Angeles and Budapest are the other contenders.)
South Africans showed in 2010, and are showing again now by remaining glued to our screens in wonderment, that we are willing to hold whatever discontent we may feel about FIFA and the World Cups legacy in abeyance for the love of the game and for national pride. One can only hope that  win or lose  the Brazilians will be tougher and demand more of their leaders.
At that time, many people opposed to the government initially questioned whether we would be strengthening the dictatorship by rooting for Brazils team, said Ms. Rousseff, 66. I had no such dilemma, she added, saying that even within the walls of her prison in So Paulo, such resistance dissipated in the run-up to Brazils victory over Italy in the championship match, which took place in Mexico City.
At the 1978 World Cup, fear of failure loomed large over Argentinas match with Brazil. Predictably, the match, a 0-0 tie that would become known as the Batalha de Rosrio, was as ill-tempered as any of their encounters. By 1995, the Argentines, who had conveniently chosen to forget Diego Maradonas sleight of hand against England in Mexico nine years before, were appalled by the Brazilian Tlio using his to help himself score. Robbery and outrage were the twin accusations from the Argentine federation.
In 2010, Mr. Marbury, who had played for the Minnesota Timberwolves, New Jersey Nets, Phoenix Suns, New York Knicks and Boston Celtics, wrapped up his N.B.A. years and went to China to start anew. After playing briefly with the Shanxi Zhongyu Brave Dragons and the Foshan Dralions, he joined the Beijing Ducks in 2011. In the four years since, he has led the team to three national championships.
PARIS  Money talks in global soccer, as it does everywhere else, perhaps more so. The sport is big business. The likes of Lionel Messi, Cristiano Ronaldo and Neymar are international brands, as recognizable as any Hollywood star. Compare a clubs wage bill to its success rate: the correlation is overwhelming. When billionaires acquire clubs like Paris Saint-Germain, Manchester City or Chelsea, their fortunes change. When a very rich country like Qatar wants to host the World Cup, it gets its way even if entirely unsuited to the undertaking.
Countries across Asia and Oceania, including some that have never seen snow, will compete at the Sochi Olympics. South Korea, Japan and China are sending some of the biggest teams and will be legitimate contenders to win many medals, particularly in skating, ski jumping and freestyle skiing. At the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, South Korea finished seventh in overall medals, while China placed eighth and Japan finished a disappointing 16th. Here's a look at these countries' top athletes in Sochi, as well as some interesting characters from smaller countries, including a skier from East Timor and a luger from Tonga.
For a team that did not exist until a dozen years ago, the ability to attract more than 28,000 fans on a cold Tuesday evening in a city that offers plenty of entertainment alternatives was encouraging  for the team, for Shanghai and for Chinese soccer in general.
According to the matches between Chinese team and Brazilian team,Chinese team and USA team in Women World Cup 2003,the correlative data which indicates the net strength are collected,and are also compared and analyzed. In order to search the gap,we will use some references which enables us to understand the development law of the present world women volleyball sports more deeply,to further improve the scientific training level.
Heres when you probably wont find it: during the World Cup, which Brazil will host from June 12 to July 13, 2014. It wont be in the stands when, say, Cameroon plays Serbia, or when France squares off against the Uzbeks. The World Cup will be a good party, guaranteed  and the handful of games the Brazilian side plays will be all-out spectacles. (Good luck getting tickets for those matches.) But the best time to experience true Brazilian soccer  or, more accurately, futebol (foo-tchee-BOW)  will be outside the parameters of the Cup.
The long-term goals include hosting a World Cup and elevating the mens team to the top ranks of international competition. The event has been held in Asia only once, when it was played in South Korea and Japan in 2002. Qatar will host the competition in 2022.
At the last sporting event in the South involving North Korea, the East Asian Cup of soccer last summer, the North Korean women's team got little support, barring a handful of ethnic North Koreans who traveled from Japan and looked bored through most of the games. Some pro-unification groups did show up to cheer both sides, but perhaps Pyongyang has decided it needed to make sure its athletes at the Asian Games wouldn't be ignored.
As yet, Chinese teams have been less interested in Japanese players. Japans attacking players are better than their defenders, but Chinese clubs buy attacking players from South America or Africa. explained Luo. Korean defenders are more suitable for Chinese teams. Luo also pointed out that political relations between the China and Japan make it more difficult.
From the laid-back beaches of Rio de Janeiro, which hosts the Cup final, to the button-down streets of Sao Paulo, which hosts the opening match, this soccer-mad country is surprisingly subdued on the eve of hosting the world's largest sporting event, one that Brazil has won a record five times.
'We really haven't taken as much money for Brazil at this stage in the tournament as we might have expected,' says Alex Donohue, a spokesman for London-based bookie Ladbrokes. He said the early ouster of both England and defending World Cup champions Spain have helped the odds of most other teams that advanced beyond the tournament's group stage.
The glum mood reflects the mixed feelings that many Brazilians have about this tournament and the state of their country. Brazil is still soccer-mad, but they are also mad -- as in angry -- at how their own government and FIFA, soccer's global governing body, organized these games, with billions of dollars having been spent on state-of-the-art stadiums in a developing country where health care and education lag. The total bill is $11.5 billion and counting.
Chinese clubs might not release players for national team play except in the mandatory official windows, Edu said, before adding: Its a personal decision, but you need to balance it. And if youre good enough and have the chance to play for Brazil, nothing should get in the way.
Hes kind of got it all: Hes good-looking, hes a superstar, and Brazil is a major force in the World Cup regardless of what country thats hosting it, said Will Welch, the style editor at GQ. Add in the fact that Brazil is hosting the cup, and thats just ramping it up even further.
With the development of afforestation construction of the city in recent years, especially since Beijing's application for organizing the Olympic Games and Shanghai's application for organizing the World's Fair success, garden nursery trade of China develop very swift and violent, nursery stock market present the supply exceeds demand situation in some district, the competition is very fierce.
Yuzuru Hanyu is a figure skater from Sendai, which was devastated by the tsunami that followed the 2011 earthquake. Hanyu was reportedly training when the earthquake struck, and he ran from the rink in Miyagi without removing his skates. In April 2012, he moved to Toronto to be coached by Brian Orser. Hanyu, 19 years old, is in good form coming into Sochi, having won the Grand Prix finals in Fukuoka last month, as well as topping 100 points in the Japan nationals. Another medal hope in men's figure skating is Daisuke Takahashi, who won bronze at the 2010 Vancouver Olympics.
I had taken up Ping-Pong during college, and in my 30s dove in more deeply, climbing the long stairway up to a table tennis center in Westfield, N.J., where I watched Olympic hopefuls and took lessons. Arthroscopy for torn knee cartilage soon sidelined me. Shortly afterward, a distracted driver made an illegal turn at a pedestrian crossing and drove directly into my bum knee.
But winning Group A is crucial if the Selecao wants to avoid a likely round-of-16 showdown with defending champion Spain, which is the favorite in Group B. To do that, the Brazilians will likely stick to the high-tempo, high-pressure style they displayed in winning the 2013 Confederations Cup. It is the style they played in 2002, when their current coach, Luiz Felipe Scolari guided the team to its unprecedented fifth championship.
The monthlong, 32-country soccer tournament known as the World Cup kicks off on June 12 in Brazil. And guess where the most tickets have been sold, outside of Brazil that is? Defying all logic, its the United States, the only country in the world you have to start an article about the World Cup by explaining what it is, when it starts and where its being played.
He was a baseball fan, though, and he liked to hang around ballparks, where he sat near the dugout and chatted up players, some of whom joined him for dinner. He also befriended former players living in southern Taiwan, whom he paid to recruit active players.
When Brazil won the right to host the Cup in 2007, everyone imagined that the atmosphere would be incredible in the country that produced Pele and legions of other soccer greats. But much has changed here. A year ago, roughly a million Brazilians took to the streets to rail against the country's poor public services even as the tab for the Cup grew. Mass protests have since died off, but pockets of hard-core Black Bloc protesters still take to the streets. And scores of recent strikes have added to the tension, including a subway strike in Sao Paulo that threatens to snarl traffic on game days.
The biggest question for the Brazilians may be their style. Will they live up to their reputation for playing the world's most beautiful soccer, or take it easy on the acrobatics, play more defensively, and prioritize winning a sixth world championship? Scolari has made his priorities clear. The only beautiful soccer, he has been saying lately, is winning soccer.
Uruguay may have been the catalyst that turned Brazil into the worlds most successful national team, but Brazils greatest rivalry remains with Argentina. The two nations have history. The rivalry became so problematic that between 1946 and 1956, the countries did not play each other in a competitive match. When Brazil defeated Argentina by a goal at the 1956 South American championship, it was the first time it had beaten its rival in formal competition since 1922. There was no love lost between the countries, either.
While some wonder why European teams are not racing to match Chinas spending in the market, the simple answer seems to be that they do not value the players as highly. Thus, in Brazil, where once there was pride in selling brilliant artists to those who appreciated them, now there is little joy in selling off lesser players at inflated prices.
Of course, there are some who believe the four World Cup games set for Manaus should not be played here anyway. Critics of the stadium in Manaus, as well as similar projects in Brasilia and in Cuiaba, note the lack of top-division soccer teams in those cities and call the expensive stadiums white elephants.
The writer is Phil Jackson, newly ordained savior of the Knicks and author of a nearly Mailer-like profusion of books. Getting through the 1,682 pages of his collected works requires every trick in his oeuvre: every breathing technique, every Lao Tzu quotation, every positive visualization. As in meditation, the rewards are considerable, but so is the suffering.
ECG of part of the athletes from Chinese delegation to participate the 12thAsian Games held in Hiroshima 1994 were analyzed with comparison between ages, sex-es, different sports events and with non-athletes. It was discovered that: 1. the abnormalrate of ECG of athletes (83.51%) was higher than that of non-athletes (66.75%);
The Chinese Super Cup was secured on Feb. 24, with a victory over last seasons league runner-up, Jiangsu Suning. Based in Nanjing, Jiangsu was bolstered by signing the Brazilian stars Alex Teixeira and Ramires, for a combined total of about $80 million in 2016, and is expected to challenge again.
The Team Most Commonly Seen in Anguish: Brazil. There were 17 incidents in two games when a member of the Selecao was seen on the ground in pain -- the most of any country. World Cup poster boy Neymar had five such 'injuries,' the most on his team. In every case he was back on his feet within 15 seconds.
Brazil is struggling as a country, said Ricardo Mello, who works as an intermediary between Brazilian players and Chinese clubs. As the Brazilian real has plummeted in value, he said, the ability to be paid in foreign currency means a lot to players; it can change lives forever.
While thousands poured into the streets in 2007 to celebrate Brazils winning bid to host the World Cup, bitter strikes are now roiling major cities. In So Paulo, where the opening match between Brazil and Croatia is just days away, riot police on Monday used tear gas to disperse striking subway workers. Brazilian legends of the sport, from Ronaldo to Romrio, are voicing shame and disgust over troubled preparations in the nation which has won the World Cup five times, more than any other.
Based on the statistics, analysis, and comparison of the foul situations by the eight  final jumpers of men's triple jump at the Third World Field and Track Championships held in Tokyo, Japan, 1991, it is found that the success rate of the first three trial jumps is higher than that of the final three trial jumps. From the psychological point of views this Phenomenon has been analysed and the  conclusion is reached that it is necessary to strengthen the psychological training of triple jumpers.
According to FIFA, soccers governing body, in 2006 China accounted for the largest single-country audience, with 3.98 billion viewers throughout the games, or 15 percent of the total cumulative television audience. Even more viewers watched the 2010 World Cup, with an average of 17.5 million Chinese watching each live match  even in the middle of the night. This was far ahead of the 4.1 million viewers from the host country, South Africa, the 16.1 million from Brazil and the 8.8 million from Germany.
More than 200 million people live in Brazil, Latin Americas largest democracy, and the country has about as many opinions on hosting the World Cup. President Dilma Rousseff, in an interview last week in Braslia, defended loans from state banks for building lavish World Cup stadiums, and said Brazilians were gearing up to embrace the tournament.
The last time Brazil hosted the World Cup, in 1950, the country's glorious soccer history hadn't been written yet. The five championships all came later. So did the famous yellow-and-green jerseys. So did Pel. But the 1950 tournament was supposed to be the first chapter, written during the final game, inside the Maracan, the 200,000-seat arena in Rio de Janeiro purpose-built for the World Cup. Instead, it turned into the team's darkest day.
More than half the surface of Brazil is covered by rain forest. So it's only fitting that the World Cup should have a stadium smack in the middle of it, right? Meet the 42,000-seat Arena da Amaznia in Manaus, perhaps the most confusing stadium at the tournament.
Because of the World Cup's format in those days, technically there wasn't a final, just a final game at the end of a second group stage. It meant that Brazil, having steamrolled through opponents, needed only a draw against Uruguay to lift the trophy for the first time. Uruguay needed to win outright.
For Brazil, that means only one thing: seven victories that culminate in a championship in Rio in July 13. Just three host nations have won the tournament over the past 40 years: West Germany in 1974, Argentina in 1978 and France in 1998. During that time, an impressive list of hosts have come up short, including Spain, Mexico, Italy and Germany in 2006.
When Brazil was chosen to host both the World Cup and the 2016 Olympics, the news was seen as confirmation of the countrys status as a developing world power. But spending on the stadiums has drawn the ire of street protesters and prosecutors questioning priorities in a nation where public schools and hospitals remain in lamentable conditions.
But last year the Brasileiros two best players  both of them having broken into the national team  made the switch. One, Diego Tardelli, had just won the Brazilian Cup with Atltico Mineiro. The other, Ricardo Goulart, had just won back-to back league championships with Cruzeiro. And the money is only getting better: The onetime Sevilla striker Lus Fabiano left So Paulo for China last month for a salary reported at $7 million a year.
Brazil, whose postwar history is measured in five World Cup titles, has no choice but to win the tournament. Expectations for Brazil are high not only within the country  despite endless news reports of civil unrest and an inability to complete stadiums on time  but also outside the country. Brazil remains everyones favorite. It has become synonymous with the game.
Revenge, apparently, motivated the WADA hacks. In May, The New York Times reported the account of Russias longtime anti-doping lab chief, who said the country had run a doping program and staged an elaborate cheating scheme at the 2014 Sochi Olympics. A subsequent report commissioned by WADA confirmed that account.
Rodchenkov told The New York Times that Russian athletes had doped leading up to the 2008 Beijing Games, the 2012 London Games and throughout the course of the 2014 Sochi Games, when Russia controlled the Olympic testing laboratory. He described an overnight operation in which he and a small team had substituted Russian athletes tainted urine for clean urine, stockpiled in the months leading up to competition and passed surreptitiously through a hole in the wall of the lab building.
Through making comparison on statistical data,this paper analyzes the ability of active score of top 4 teams,Brazil,Italy,China and Cuba in 2005 World Woman Volleyball Grand Prix finals. The result shows that the ability of active score of four teams can not become the decisive factors of their final result. The rule of wining competition depends on conditioning and mental state at competition.
Ni was a 7-year-old schoolgirl in Shanghai when she first fell in love with the game. Last week, at the age of 53, she competed in her third Olympics, wearing for a third time the uniform of Luxembourg, the nation she adopted as her home in 1991. In a sport that rewards the skill of subtle anticipation, her unconventional move 25 years ago has proved prescient.
The place was built for a coronation, a colossal theater where hundreds of thousands could bear witness and celebrate. When Maracan opened in 1950, in the heart of Rio, it was the worlds largest stadium, the site of what Brazil was certain would be its first World Cup championship. And things started well enough: The host country breezed through to the final match, where, because of tournament rules at the time, it needed only a draw against Uruguay to win the whole event. With little more than 10 minutes to go, the score was 1-1, and the fans were on edge. Then the Uruguayan winger Alcides Ghiggia put them over with a sudden strike. Only three people have, with just one motion, silenced the Maracan, he famously said later. Frank Sinatra, Pope John Paul II and me.
Cameroon took the initiative even before the team boarded its plane for Brazil, with the players demanding their appearance fee for the World Cup up front, in cash. Or else, they said, they would not go. Last week the players from Ghana refused to practice and threatened a player strike in their game against Portugal unless they quickly received more than $3 million, cash in hand.
This article, through the video statistics on the techniques and tactics of 5 matches of China against Qatar, Korea, Kuwait, Japan and Bahrain, thinks that while persisting in long pass and high attack, the Chinese team should put the stress on improving the ability of pass-and-cut combinations and breakthrough with ball handling.
Of the 736 players headed to the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil, just 236 of them have been called up to the global soccer tournament before, according to FIFA.com. Spain has the largest number of veterans on its squad with 16, who are seeking to repeat their 2010 World Cup win. Uruguay and Cameroon follow, with 15 and 13 veterans each, respectively.
Suddenly, everyone buys top foreigners, said Mads Davidsen, a Danish assistant coach at Shanghai SIPG who has been in China since 2013. When I came here, the foreigners on C.S.L. teams didnt have that good a level. Now its extremely difficult to come here as a foreigner. You have to have a high level. All of this has helped lift the league.
The N.B.A.s response to Mr. Sterlings comments may put an end to one of the more criticized ownership tenures in American sports. Mr. Sterling bought the San Diego Clippers in 1981 and moved them to Los Angeles in 1984, deep in the shadow of the popular and successful Lakers. The Clippers spent decades as a consistent joke, with Mr. Sterling the easy punch line. The team managed just one winning season in Mr. Sterlings first 24 years as owner, and still has never made it past the second round of the playoffs.
That said, it is not simple to plan a soccer trip to Brazil. I had an advantage as a Portuguese speaker who had lived in the country for two years. Others might find it more difficult. The complex league schedules are largely unavailable in English. Youll have to find your way to the stadium, choosing between public transportation and sometimes pricey taxis. Even where to sit can be a consequential decision.
Evergrande was again the biggest spender, paying a C.S.L.-record $16.2 million for the Brazilian Ricardo Goulart, but other clubs also made flashy deals, most notably Shanghai SIPG, which signed Conca for a reported $10.8 million per year and hired the former England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson as coach.
The stadium in Santos is tiny and intimate, so the seats are very close to the action. (Cubs and Red Sox fans will recognize the appeal.) And pretty soon, Santos will be home to a brand-new museum dedicated to Pel, in a renovated mansion known as the Casaro do Valongo. Its scheduled to be open by the World Cup. But no need to rush  it will still be there when the World Cup ends and real Brazilian soccer starts up again.
Thats a big concern for parents, Sun said in a telephone interview from Shanghai, where she leads the technical and youth departments of the citys soccer association. If you have four or five children, maybe you say, O.K., I support one to be a great athlete. But with only one child, that is a problem.
Most of the national soccer teams have arrived. Gaggles of journalists from Russia to Japan prowl the cities. Brazilian workers are hastily putting the finishing touches on the stadiums. But just two days before the World Cup opens here on Thursday, one crucial thing was still missing: atmosphere.
In this article, the author makes statistical analysis on three matches (China V S Cuba, Russia VS Brazil) at the 1999 world cup and the 27th Olympic Games, anal yzes the distribution of setters in the four teams, points out the relation betw een the setter and attack tactics of whole team and put forwards the importance of overall cultivating setters.
Funks varied repertory provides an apt soundtrack for the changes sweeping across the city after the recent boom that lifted incomes and ushered in the era of megaevents like this months World Cup and the 2016 Summer Olympics, while also accentuating longstanding inequality. Samba, forbidden by the authorities about a century ago in much the same way that varieties of funk are prohibited today, has developed into such an establishment fixture that big corporations now underwrite carnival compositions. Bossa nova, the breezy fusion of samba and jazz, seems just too genteel for these times. But funk  often aggressive, sensual, vulgar, narcissistic, anti-establishment and eminently adaptable to Brazils shifting political mood  is thriving.
Chinese clubs can sign a maximum of five foreign players, though one must be Asian. In 2015, of the 15 out of 16 teams that filled their so-called Asian quota, eight had South Korean players. Guangzhou has the center back Kim Young-gwon, Shanghai S.I.P.G. signed another central defender in Kim Ju-young and Beijing Guoan has midfielder Ha Dae-sung.
As an alternate in the pool of 33 World Cup referees in Brazil this month, Hauata is a pulled hamstring away from the biggest stage in the game. And it isn't just the alternates who lack experience. Among the 24 official referees are several who have never called games involving big-name teams and players.
Mao Asada is a highly rated figure skater whose main rival for gold in Sochi is South Korea's Olympic champion Kim Yuna. Asada lost out to Kim in Vancouver, picking up a silver medal in the 2010 Games. Like her South Korean rival, Asada says she will retire after Sochi. The 23-year-old is famous for her triple axels, though some observers say she should give up the move given how difficult it is to produce a clean landing. Even Asada's dog is well-known in Japan; it appeared in a commercial for chocolate. Japan's other medal hopes in women's figure skating include Akiko Suzuki and Kanako Murakami.
Minutes later, Uruguay was the world champion. Barbosa was the scapegoat. Brazil did everything it could to erase the memory of that day--the disastrous Maracanazo, as they called it. They even abandoned their white jerseys. When Brazil finally claimed its birthright eight years later at the 1958 World Cup, led by a 17-year-old Pel, the team wore blue. And on all four occasions they've won soccer's greatest prize since then, the Brazilians did it, unmistakably, in yellow.
When you think Brazil and you think soccer, you naturally think three-banded armadillos, right? Meet Fuleco the three-banded armadillo and 2014 World Cup mascot. He has the unique ability to roll himself up into a soccer ball and fits squarely in the tournament's tradition of cartoon animals--like South Africa's Zakumi, the leopard with unnatural green hair from 2010; Footix, the blue cockerel from France 1998; or Goleo, the pantsless lion from Germany 2006.
Wearing white shirts and white shorts with blue trim, Brazil opened the scoring in the 47th minute through the winger Friaa. The party lasted just 19 minutes. Uruguay's Alcides Ghiggia set up Juan Schiaffino for the tying goal. At 1-1, Brazil was still on track to win the World Cup. Ghiggia had other ideas. In the 79th minute, he blazed down the right wing, cut inside and shaped to cross the ball before a split-second change of heart. Instead, he drilled a low shot to the near post, the spot a goalkeeper should always have covered.
Ironman distance triathlons are not the only events that attract Type A endurance athletes. In the last five years, Jeff Adams, 56, a retired Morgan Stanley executive living in Elkhorn, Wis., has run in 20 marathons around the world, including New York, Boston, London, Tokyo and even Antarctica.
Enow Ngachu, the coach of Cameroon, which lost by 1-0 to China in the round of 16, said he believed that China had a chance to defeat the Americans. China and the United States have not met in the World Cup since 1999, but they nonetheless play regularly and are familiar with each other. In their most recent meeting, they tied, 1-1, in December at a tournament in Brazil.
The tournament has proved to be a happy refuge for Brazilians who, just a few weeks ago, were so displeased with their country's direction that they told pollsters it was a bad idea to host the competition. As has happened countless times in dozens of countries, common support for a soccer team has drawn a nation's attention away from a toxic political environment and a damaged economy.
His clubs city rival, Shanghai Shenhua, could also challenge for silverware. The Blues finished fourth in 2016, a place below S.I.P.G., and bolstered their roster by bringing in the Argentine Carlos Tevez in January, reportedly making him the highest-paid player in the world at around $800,000 a week.
All 7 international master swimmers in Shanghai were genotype II. Genotype II and I allele frequency increased with the increasing of the athletic level. It is suggested that athletes with genotype II or I allele, especially genotype II, have the potential to achieve higher athletic level through training.
The process was costly and slow. Mr. Noor said it took him more than six months to get a container of imported furnishings through Brazil's customs. Finding reliable construction workers also was difficult, as Rio races to prepare for the World Cup as well as for the 2016 summer Olympics.
Fans like Mr. Triana Lozada are sleeping on buses, staying in hotels or on cruise ships, or simply bedding down in vehicles near Rio de Janeiros beaches. And the arrival in Brazil this year of more than 200,000 Spanish-speaking fans from large nations like Mexico and Colombia and smaller ones like Costa Rica and Uruguay exemplifies one of Latin Americas most profound shifts since the start of the century: the rise of the middle class.
The second notable figure is 618,725, which represents the Tweets per minute during the game, which came at the end of the match, when Germany became the world champion for the first time since 1990. That's a new record, Twitter says, surpassing the 580,166 Tweets per minute during Germany's 7-1 thrashing of hosts Brazil in the semifinals.
Mohammad Karim will ski for Pakistan at Sochi. 'Karim is a great athlete and we think he has very strong medal chances during the Olympics,' the Associated Press of Pakistan quoted Obaid-ur-Rehman Abbasi, the spokesman of Ski Federation of Pakistan, as saying. Pakistan made its Winter Olympics debut in Vancouver in 2010, where Muhammad Abbas finished 79th in the giant slalom. Abbas is traveling to Sochi as a reserve in case Karim gets injured, the Express Tribune reported.
The Jules Rimet trophy disappeared in Brazil in 1983 and is believed to have been melted down. To prevent that from happening again, today's winners spend little time with their prize. As the full-time property of FIFA, it's used for celebrations. But the actual hardware the winning teams take home is one of several gold-plated replicas, which are technically called the FIFA World Cup Winners' Trophies. Doesn't quite have the same ring to it.
Crime was already a top concern before the Rio Games began, as Brazils economic crisis deepened, pushing up unemployment and poverty rates. The Rio state government deployed a huge security force, and the streets surrounding the Olympic Park and the athletes village sometimes look like military compounds.
Now our soccer reform has passed a dozen years, coming football market, and the Chinese national team has been into the World Cup finals also, but in the World Cup there were larger gaps when we compared with Japan a year earlier in the professional league and South Korea of semi-professional league.
There have been 66 countries and regions that won 5336 medals at the weightlifting competitions of Olympic Games,senior world championships Junior world championships,Womenworld championships from 1891 to 1993.The former Soviet Union,Bulgarla,PR China,Potand,Hungary, former East German,United States of America,German,Japan and cuba hold the frontplaces in terms of the medal numbers that they won.
Still, ire over Brazils handling of the tournament remains widespread over the estimated $11 billion cost of hosting the tournament, including subsidized loans for stadiums in cities like Braslia the capital; Cuiab, a remote agribusiness center; and Manaus, an industrial hub deep in the Amazon, with paltry soccer fan bases.
Santos is a storied club  it has won eight national championships and was Pels team from 1957 to 1974. On two World Cup teams, in 1962 and 1970, 8 of the 11 starting players played in Santos, and although that is unlikely ever to happen again (most top Brazilian players now make millions for European clubs), it is, at least for now, the squad of Neymar, the 21-year-old Instagram-using star who many consider the best player in the country.
Yet Chinese soccers taste for Brazilians shows no sign of slowing. Last week, Chelsea accepted a $35 million offer for the Brazilian midfielder Ramires from Jiangsu Suning, which had earlier made a failed bid for the Milan striker Luiz Adriano. Moves like those, and the bulk acquisitions of younger players from Brazilian clubs, have soccer officials here concerned about what the money-driven deals could one day mean for the future of Brazils national team. Ramires, 28, was a starter at the last World Cup, and while he had fallen out of favor recently, exports like Gil, 28, and Renato Augusto, 27, were thought by some to be part of the Seleos future after their recent resurgence at Corinthians.
For Brazil the journey starts with the team's most difficult challenge of the group stage. Croatia is tough and experienced and has one of the world's great midfielders in Luka Modric. Don't be fooled by the checkerboard red jerseys. Croatia -- 18th in the FIFA world ranking -- is the furthest thing from a cupcake.
Because of the time difference with Brazil, the host country, most of the live matches will be aired in the early morning hours in China. But if history is anything to go by, this will not slow fans down. The 2006 and 2010 World Cups drew millions of viewers in China, even though the Chinese team qualified for neither.
One more thing: Brazilian men are not particularly known for their shyness around women, and given the male-dominated crowds at most matches, women (and, for that matter, parents and their children) may feel more comfortable in a calmer area, away from the grandstand. And you may be glad that your children dont understand Portuguese: chants directed at referees and opposing players can get vulgar and often homophobic.
Nightmare visions of an embarrassing loss followed the own goal, but Neymar, the silky attacker who is the darling of the Brazilian fans, rescued the mood with a brilliant goal 18 minutes later. The 22-year-old Neymar, who is playing in his first World Cup, dribbled to the top of the penalty area and rolled a shot in off the post that sent the Brazilian bench into hysterics as fireworks exploded outside the stadium.
In Los Angeles, West worked for Jerry Buss, arguably the most successful owner in modern sports history. Buss presided over a franchise that reached the N.B.A. finals 16 times in his 33 seasons. He also invented or perfected club seating, luxury boxes and the glitzy showmanship that now seems an integral part of sporting events. Jerry Buss was an innovator who thought basketball should have the cachet of a Broadway show, West told me. The fun! The excitement! But what made that possible? It was winning the way we won. Magic Johnson played the game with a joy that everyone could see. And he played with maybe the greatest player ever in Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. And he had James Worthy. We had seven players you could put on an All-Star team. And Jerry Buss had nothing to do with that.
This study mainly adopts statistics from methodology to analyze the rationality and maneuverability about the new contest rules through the on-the-spot statistics of the 2002 nationwide martial arts routine championship and the 2003 Shanghai martial arts title match, and then concludes the original data about the C team (judge the difficult action), in order to perfect the competitive martial arts' new rules.
Luiz Felipe Scolari, the Brazilian coach, has not shied from the expectations of a title, but he has also said that he will not be bothered by the typical Brazilian requirement of winning with style. Grinding performances are anathema for Brazilian fans, but Scolari, knowing the stakes, has said he is only interested in results.
RIO DE JANEIRO  To fulfill his dream of watching Colombia play in the World Cup, Marco Triana Lozada, an engineer from Bogot, cobbled together savings to travel to Brazil this month. But to avoid spending money on hotels, he and his friends have traversed the country at night on buses to watch Colombia play, even opting to stay in tents at campsites.
BRASLIA  With Brazils government facing widespread discontent over its preparations for the World Cup, President Dilma Rousseff hit back at critics in an interview here on Tuesday, defending loans from state banks for costly new stadiums for the tournament and insisting that Brazilians planning to shun the event were a small minority.
So Alex Teixeira saw his teammates scatter to clubs that could afford to remove them from Donetsk. He saw negotiations between Liverpool and Shakhtar go to the brink, then collapse at the deadline for transfers in Europe. It was said that the Brazilian only had to wait until the transfer window, in July, and Liverpool would seal the deal.
Many well-groomed NBA players didn't pay attention to their hair or skin before going pro. The Clippers' Mr. Jordan only began getting regular manicures and pedicures when he joined the league five years ago. 'My mom told me to do it,' he says. 'She's like, 'Well, your feet are going to take care of you, so you need to take care of your feet.' '
The mood is likely to brighten once Brazil's Selecao takes the field on Thursday against Croatia. Many Brazilians say they will still put on a good party -- even if they are down on their country. And it is hard to imagine that watching giant screens along Rio's beaches won't be an exhilarating atmosphere for foreign visitors.
SO PAULO  It was Dia dos Namorados here on Thursday, the Brazilian equivalent of Valentines Day. That meant there were chocolates and flowers and couples holding hands tucked in among a sea of yellow jerseys that stretched from the Itaquera neighborhood over to Jardins. From sunrise all the way until the shimmering moon peeked above the skyline, Brazilians showed their passion for each other, and for soccer, on the opening day of the World Cup.
And now the same thing is happening in Brazil. For their part, Brazilians have responded to FIFAs poisoned chalice in a more organized fashion than South Africans ever managed before, during or after the event. After seeing how the FIFA World Cup sausage is made, you might think that the protests in Brazil would make uncomfortable viewing for us in South Africa, but youd be wrong.
The average player age for the past three World Cups is 27 years and five months, but there are players at very different ends of the age spectrum headed to Brazil. Colombian goalkeeper Faryd Mondragon, who turns 43 later this month, marks the tournament's oldest player, and, if he plays, could become the oldest player to take the field in World Cup history. Cameroonian forward Fabrice Olinga is the youngest player to be called up for the games at 18 years, one month old, according to FIFA.
Pang Qing and Tong Jian prove that love is on the ice, as well as in the air. The couple, who won silver in Vancouver, got engaged in 2011 when Tong proposed during a live television show called 'Art on Ice.' 'Before the Vancouver Winter Games, claiming an Olympic medal was my dream. But now my dream is to have you with me forever,' Tong said during the show in Shanghai. Tong and Jian are fourth in the International Skating Union world rankings.
With the crisis here, the prices they are offering, we cant compete with that, Edu said of the recent sales. But in terms of a players career, they are going for money, not the status, and for me, that would have made me think twice as it could get in the way of playing for Brazil.
Making a rare public reference to her imprisonment decades ago, when interrogators tortured her after her capture as part of an urban guerrilla group, Ms. Rousseff said that even then, during the World Cup of 1970, she and fellow prisoners opposed to the military dictatorship avidly followed the monthlong soccer tournament from prison and supported Brazils national team.
In the first twenty-year development of China's hospitality industry, there were mainly star hotels which focused on customers with high or middle level income. However, the population of tourists from home and abroad are keeping increasing, including the ordinary solaria employees and businessmen, with the access to WTO for China and the successful bid for 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, the World Exhibition in Shanghai, the Recreational Exhibition in Hangzhou as well as the coming of holiday economy.
Through using the method of video statistics, literature, observation and comparison, this paper made technical statistics and analysis on five matches in 2005 Woman Volleyball Grand Prix among China, Cuba and Italy teams, found out the advantage and disadvantage of each team and put forwarded the suggestions.
But love  in any form  is a complicated matter. While there were moments of heat and adoration, particularly when Neymar scored the first of his two goals with an inch-perfect shot that bounced in off the post, Brazils 3-1 victory over Croatia was hardly the perfect date. Inside and outside the Arena Corinthians, emotions were mixed even before a contentious referees decision in favor of the home team plunged the tournament deep into its first controversy.
Apart from reaching the final of the 2004 Asian Cup on home soil, China has never been that type of team. The national team has long been in the shadow of its regional rivals South Korea and Japan, which also has a plan to be world champion by 2050.
Less than 24 hours after the conclusion of the 2014 World Cup final, most of the world's soccer fans are focused on the numbers 1 and 0 -- the score line by which Germany defeated Argentina in the hard-fought contest Sunday in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Besides that, Alex Teixeira was in a place he needed to get out of. He had moved, together with a whole batch of fledging Brazilian players, to Shakhtar Donetsk when they were in their teens and Shakhtars billionaire owner had the money to put his Ukrainian team on the map of global soccer.
But the action doesnt end there. Top finishers in the national tournament earn berths in the next years Libertadores Cup and South American Cup, two regional tournaments that run concurrently with parts of the state and national seasons. Theres also the Brazil Cup, a separate national competition with a knockout tournament format. And occasionally, the national team (that is, the one that goes to the World Cup) will play a friendly match against visiting foreign squads. (This year, from June 15 to 30, Brazil hosts the Confederations Cup, stopping league play.)
I don't recall the name of David's team, but it featured red uniforms and was coached by a local dad who worked as a fireman. He was a loud, boisterous guy, not unlike many of the fathers I see alongside fields most weekends in my hometown of New Rochelle, N.Y.
The road to the World Cup started over two years ago with more than 200 teams. Everyone got to play, even teams like American Samoa and the Maldives. Through a painfully long qualifying process, divided up by region, that initial pool whittled itself down to the group of 32 that will be in Brazil.
RIO DE JANEIRO  At least two workers were killed on Wednesday when a construction crane collapsed at the stadium in So Paulo where Brazil plans to hold the opening game of next years World Cup, raising concerns over the countrys ability to finish an array of lavish arenas that have been plagued by delays and cost overruns.
Some players, for example, move when they are young and thus develop easy, deep ties to their new countries. Gui Lin, 22, who represented Brazil this summer, moved from China to Brazil at age 12 on an exchange program. She ended up staying to play table tennis.
Brazil needs to learn to live with this, said Thiago Scuro, the sporting director of Cruzeiro, which won the Brazilian championship in 2013 and 2014. We were always a target, but whats changed is the big clubs in Europe are taking very young players, to have time to develop them there. But China is signing the star players in their 20s.
The first-ever NBA games in China will take place October 14 and 17 when the Houston Rockets and the Sacramento Kings play preseason games in Beijing and Shanghai, it was announced by NBA Commissioner David Stern, together with Sun Kanglin, President of the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Sport and Jin Guoxiang, President of the Shanghai Administration of Sports in Los Angeles.
This article analyses on the position, the roles, the present situation and the location of the sports undertakings of Shanghai, according to the tendency of our social developing change and the requirement of the developing on the sports undertakings. Puts forward the guiding ideology and developing goal of the sports work of Shanghai on 21st century, and the strategy and some measures for the development of the sports of Shanghai beyond the new century.
As developed city of sports Shanghai is it say,can neglect attention in track andfield event either certainly to come,carried off the medal from Zhu Jianhua in thepast for the first time on the Olympic Games for our country,get to Liu Xiang oftoday and obtain column of 110 meters champion of Olympic Games,all make theillustrious battle achievement state-runly for Shanghai and me.
In one sense, the China conundrum is nothing new. But the earlier Brazilian star Jnior Baiano was already 31 when he went to Shanghai in 2001, and of the 134 reported moves of Brazilians to China from 2003 to 2010, almost all were players from minor clubs.
Not to be confused with the World Cup finals now underway in Brazil, this tournament took place last month in the northern Swedish city of Ostersund. As 203 national teams fought a two-and-a-half-year battle across six continents to qualify for Brazil, the Swedish tournament, called the Conifa World Cup, was played by national teams not recognized by FIFA, the sports governing body.
Brazil's 4-1 thrashing of Cameroon put the Seleo in the knockout stage of the Cup, where it will try to string together four consecutive victories for the championship. The hosts are the odds-on favorite to win, but sport bookies still put their chances at just one in three.
Sara Takanashi is being talked up as a hot favorite for gold in the women's ski jump, the first time the event has been included in the Olympics. Takanashi is only 17 years old but she is dominating the sport, winning 10 out of 13 events this season after being crowned world champion last year. The 5-foot tall student, who is coached by her father, Hiroya, has been dubbed The Big Small Jumper by the Japanese media. She says her hero is American ski jumper Sarah Hendrickson, whom she will be competing against in Sochi.
The loss, known as the Maracanao (since used to refer to any loss by the national team on its home field), became a defining moment for Brazilian soccer. (For more on the games enduring impact, see Christoph Niemanns animated feature, Curse of Maracan.) Just last month, Pel, a three-time World Cup winner himself, was still talking about the defeat as his earliest soccer memory and the first time Id seen so many people depressed and so many people crying. He also told FIFAs website: I hope nobody comes and does what Ghiggia did. . . . I dont want to remember 1950. I have to have confidence and believe in victory.
If Brazil starts winning, some contend that optimism will surge around the first World Cup in the country since 1950, and easily exceed the low expectations. People are worried about how much has been spent, said Jos Evaraldo Bezerra, 48, a doorman at a residential building in Braslia. But once we see the first game, the parties will start.
I will always remember the moment when I presented the first Olympic gold medal at the Los Angeles Games in 1984 , because it was awarded to a Chinese athlete , Xu Haifeng and it was also the first Olympic gold medal to be won by a Chinese person in the Olympic history
I will always remember the moment when I presented the first Olympic gold medal at the Los Angeles Games in 1984 , because it was awarded to a Chinese athlete , Xu Haifeng and it was also the first Olympic gold medal to be won by a Chinese person in the Olympic history .
I will always remember the moment whenI presented the first olympic gold medal at the los angeles games in 1984 , because it was awarded to a chinese athlete , xu haifeng and it was also the first olympic gold medal to be won by a chinese person in the olympic history .
lastly , it was the Special Adviser 's intention to observe and participate in key planning and development stages of the tournament in order to play a role in the smooth transition of the games to another developing country for the 2014 edition to be held in Brazil .
in the 1998 World Cup , it cannot be denied that the excellent performance by France ( it not only entered the finals for the first time , but went on to beat Brazil by a comfortable 3-0 margin ) could be attributed , to no small extent , to its host status
I will always remember the moment whenI presented the first olympic gold medal at the los angeles games in 1984 , because it was awarded to a chinese athlete , xu haifeng and it was also the first olympic gold medal to be won by a chinese person in the olympic history
in the 1998 World Cup , it cannot be denied that the excellent performance by France ( it not only entered the finals for the first time , but went on to beat Brazil by a comfortable 3-0 margin ) could be attributed , to no small extent , to its host status .
I will always remember the moment when I presented the first olympic gold medal at the los angeles games in 1984 , because it was awarded to a chinese athlete , xu haifeng and it was also the first olympic gold medal to be won by a chinese person in the olympic history .
any opinion or endorsement by the Secretariat of the United Nations . 2007 Shanghai Special Olympics World Summer Games Forum , on the theme " Special olympics for social harmony " ( co-sponsored by the Permanent Mission of China , the United Nations New York Office of Sport for Development and Peace , the Shanghai Municipal Government and Special Olympics International )
I will always remember the moment when I presented the first olympic gold medal at the los angeles games in 1984 , because it was awarded to a chinese athlete , xu haifeng and it was also the first olympic gold medal to be won by a chinese person in the olympic history
from the laid-back beaches of rio de janeiro, which hosts the cup final, to the button-down streets of sao paulo, which hosts the opening match, this soccer-mad country is surprisingly subdued on the eve of hosting the world's largest sporting event, one that brazil has won a record five times.
his relentless aggressiveness inspired a generation of small, bulldog-esque guards, as los angeles clippers floor general chris paul told rowan kavner of the team's website back in february: "i just loved the grit that he played with. he always played with a chip on his shoulder. i feel like i sort of do the same."
a japanese research company called ale co. (aka star-ale) is bidding to put on a sensational pyrotechnics display for the opening ceremony of the 2020 summer olympics in tokyo. but this is no regular fireworks show: ale co.'s 'sky canvas' is an artificially created meteor shower  uh-huh  which would see hundreds of tiny, coloured fireballs rain down over the host city.
in ultraviolent restaurant in shanghai, fish and chips are served up to a backdrop of the beatles, while in el celler de can roca in girona, spain, scented meringue comes with a commentary describing barcelona footballer lionel messi in action, a clip which apparently brings out the citrus flavours in the dessert.
chinese clubs might not release players for national team play except in the mandatory official windows, edu said, before adding: its a personal decision, but you need to balance it. and if youre good enough and have the chance to play for brazil, nothing should get in the way.
it was not nearly as artful as a messi free kick but it turned out to be the game-winner, and messi, whose four goals are tied for the tournament lead with brazils neymar, soon took a seat on the bench after being replaced in the 63d minute with an eye on preserving him for the second round.
antidoping officials from at least 10 nations and 20 athlete groups are preparing the extraordinary step of requesting that the entire russian delegation be barred from the summer olympics over allegations of a state-sponsored doping program, according to email correspondence obtained by the new york times.
chinese basketball icon yao ming, the chairman of the chinese basketball association (cba), showed up at the 2017 yangtze river delta professional basketball clubs challenge in shanghai late thursday, after an online rumor spread earlier in the day that he had been arrested for taking drugs, peoples daily online reported.
her success was one of the stand-out stories of the day at the olympic stadium where, earlier in the day, brazils teenage sensation petrucio ferreira dos santos had got the home crowd roaring as he smashed the world record to take gold in the mens 100m t47
'it's a soft target, stretched out across 26 miles. it would be very difficult to secure,' said jim reese, a former u.s. army delta force officer whose security firm, tigerswan, is preparing a security plan for some brazilian clients ahead of the 2014 soccer world cup in rio de janeiro.
early on in this tournament, lang ping  who captured an olympic title with the 1984 chinese national team in los angeles then later spent a four-year stint coaching the americans  challenged her players to find ways to grow from their struggles with the world watching.
despite the overwhelming reaction from the brazilian fans, croatia, who was without its top scorer since mario mandzukic was suspended after getting a red card late in qualifying, did not buckle. instead, the blazers steadied their midfield early in the second half and looked to be comfortable playing for a tie as they bottled up the brazilians attempts to penetrate.
aidan reynolds, 18, was put forward by lynn davies, who captained team gb at moscow 1980 and los angeles 1984.aidan gave up a promising basketball career to focus on the javelin, winning three medals at national level at the english schools, uk school games and english championships.
in that sense, yao said, one of the great things to happen to chinese basketball is the emergence of harvard graduate and houston rockets ball handler jeremy lin, who stunned the world last year with a torrid stretch as an emergency fill-in point guard for the knicks.
the list of olympic participants targeted by brazilian boos is long and varied: russians, due to its doping scandal; spaniards, as symbols of latin american colonialism; a tennis ball boy who had butterfingers; favoriteslike the poor romanian womens handball teamwhen they played the underdogs; and, of course, anyone from brazils historic rival argentina, who probably get the worst of it.
disney enterprises, inc. and pixar, holders of the copyrights of animated comedies "cars" and "cars 2" as well as the character images, sued g-point in beijing, and bluemtv in xiamen, after they found the images, title and posters of animated movie "the autobots" resembled those of "cars" and "cars 2."
mike: well, from a young age, from about the age of twelve, i started doing karate in vancouver and i was training in karate for about seven or eight years and then once i graduated from high school i moved and i moved to japan and there i continued and didn't have much time to do training but i got involved in the kick boxing circle with some friends that did a lot of kick boxing and different types of martial arts.
the country is manufacturing a long list of world cup memorabilia--from figurines of the armadillo that serves as the games' official mascot to wigs, flags and caps. and who could forget the (chinese-made) vuvuzelas that cropped up when south africa hosted the last cup? this year, the country is stocking fans with an alternative instrument, the percussive brazilian caxirolas.
this week they were able to claim victory as politicians in japan's upper house of parliament voted to relax the law - part of a package of measures designed to ease deflationary pressures and to create a more relaxed atmosphere in the run-up to the 2020 olympics in tokyo.
the bad things derive from his role in one of the biggest gambling scandals in international baseball, a scheme in which tsai and several dozen other players in the chinese professional baseball league, which is the top-tier league in taiwan, were accused of throwing games from 2006 to 2009 in exchange for thousands of dollars from gamblers.
if that weren't enough pressure, this world cup has taken on an extra dimension as a social and political flash point in brazil since last year, when a million brazilians took to the streets to protest overspending to build cup stadiums while hospitals and schools go without.
hes kind of got it all: hes good-looking, hes a superstar, and brazil is a major force in the world cup regardless of what country thats hosting it, said will welch, the style editor at gq. add in the fact that brazil is hosting the cup, and thats just ramping it up even further.
but instead of coming together to extol such triumphs on the global stage as the host of the world cup, the soccer tournament starting on thursday with teams from 32 countries, a grim mood is dividing many brazilians as resentment simmers over the ballooning costs of the mega-event and a sluggish post-boom economy saps optimism.
"we want to invite top figure skaters in the world to the tournament, all of them, in singles, doubles and ice dance," said huang, "we want shanghai trophy to become a grand prix of skating, include all the events of short track speedskating and figure skating."
evergrande was again the biggest spender, paying a c.s.l.-record $16.2 million for the brazilian ricardo goulart, but other clubs also made flashy deals, most notably shanghai sipg, which signed conca for a reported $10.8 million per year and hired the former england manager sven-goran eriksson as coach.
weve seen massive investment in stadiums over the last 30 years, so its going to be a vastly different proposition than it was in 1984, he said. part of the problem for an l.a. bid is, it may be relatively cheap, but what would its legacy for the olympic movement and human development be?
and, since the attacks, the anthem has been played at sporting events around the world, including at n.b.a. games at madison square garden, where the knicks played the new orleans pelicans, and at the staples center in los angeles, where the clippers played the detroit pistons, and at several n.h.l. games in canada.
guangzhou evergrande has won two of the past three asian champions league titles, and there is a rising number of famous coaches in the league, such as luiz felipe scolari, the 2002 world cup winner with brazil, and sven-goran eriksson, the former head coach of englands national team.
shaqs los angeles no. 34 is the only one of his four numbers to be retired by a team, as the lakers celebrated him in 2013. whether or not you think kobe is the greatest laker ever will be up for unending barroom debate, but i think just about everyone can agree on the idea that if anyone deserved two laker jerseys heading into the rafters, it would be the kobester. the lakers could still possibly find a way to find room on a hanging jersey for two numbers, but the staples center has plenty of room up there despite the lakers celebrated history  why not go nuts?
kevin: yes, actually, i do have a few memories because we spent probably three years there from the time i was born, obviously, until i was about two and a half or three years, we spent summers, or the baseball season in, in new york, and we rented a condominium on the second floor, and i remember, it was right across the street from la guardia airport, and so of course, when i was a little kid, one, one and two years old, i used to love sitting by the kitchen windows, and i even remember it was a bay window, the kind where you can roll the window open, and i used to roll the window open, and just watch the airplanes take off and land all day.
rodchenkov told the new york times that russian athletes had doped leading up to the 2008 beijing games, the 2012 london games and throughout the course of the 2014 sochi games, when russia controlled the olympic testing laboratory. he described an overnight operation in which he and a small team had substituted russian athletes tainted urine for clean urine, stockpiled in the months leading up to competition and passed surreptitiously through a hole in the wall of the lab building.
after alex teixeiras move to liverpool fell through, and the brazilian was sold days later for $55 million to the chinese super league club jiangsu suning, the former liverpool defender mark lawrenson said in a liverpool newspaper that teixeira must have the professional ambition of a gnat.
los angeles  the 57th annual grammy awards on sunday were a mixture of old songs, new faces and upsets, as sam smith, a 22-year-old british singer barely known to american audiences a year ago, won three of the top four prizes, and beck became the dark-horse victor of album of the year.
the awards committee also gave 9.98 and fujii fever special prizes, recognizing the popularity and achievements of two astounding prodigies - students sprinter yoshihide kiryu, the first japanese to break the 100-meter race 10-second barrier at 9.98 seconds, and professional shogi player sota fujii, 14, who made history by winning 29 consecutive games.
with only three home runs to go to match ohs feat and 26 games left in the season, balentien, 29, has a more than good chance to beat it  and this time, the japanese appear happier, or at least resigned, to let the record fall.
the awards committee also gave "9.98" and "fujii fever" special prizes, recognizing the popularity and achievements of two astounding prodigies  students sprinter yoshihide kiryu, the first japanese to break the 100-meter race 10-second barrier at 9.98 seconds, and professional shogi player sota fujii, 14, who made history by winning 29 consecutive games.
for a team that did not exist until a dozen years ago, the ability to attract more than 28,000 fans on a cold tuesday evening in a city that offers plenty of entertainment alternatives was encouraging  for the team, for shanghai and for chinese soccer in general.
after leading argentina to gold at the 2008 beijing olympics and a series of offseason tours in china with barcelona, messi has built a solid fan base, as demonstrated by chinese fans who mobbed his hotel on thursday afternoon before the event, hoping for a glimpse of their beloved star.
after alex teixeiras move to liverpool fell through, and the brazilian was sold days later for $55 million to the chinese super league club jiangsu suning, the former liverpool defender mark lawrenson said in a liverpool newspaper that teixeira must have the professional ambition of a gnat.
at a recent practice in shanghais sprawling suburbs, shenhuas latest marquee signing, the australian national team player tim cahill, bantered with the captain giovanni moreno of colombia and several chinese teammates in a mix of english, chinese and spanish. the teams interpreters were kept busy as the goalkeepers coach, juan mesquida garcia, barked rapid-fire instructions in spanish, and the new manager, francis gillot, gave interviews to the news media in french.
organizers of the event, which now draws over twice the number of contestants as it did a decade ago, attribute that popularity to the enduring importance of politeness here, as well as a growing concern among some employers that younger japanese are forgetting their basic manners.
grigory rodchenkov, russias former anti-doping lab director, told the new york times in may that he covered up the use of performance-enhancing drugs by russian olympians at the 2014 sochi games, and that he did so under orders from russian officials for the ministry of sport.
grigory rodchenkov, russias former anti-doping lab director, told the new york times in may that he covered up the use of performance-enhancing drugs by russian olympians at the 2014 sochi games, and that he did so under orders from russian officials for the ministry of sport.
"hell be taken away from his school and be put into a brand new school. he likes playing on his soccer team in new york, theyre all of his friends, and you know hell be taken away from that team. we didnt want to do it in the middle of a season."
less than 24 hours after the conclusion of the 2014 world cup final, most of the world's soccer fans are focused on the numbers 1 and 0 -- the score line by which germany defeated argentina in the hard-fought contest sunday in rio de janeiro, brazil.
crime was already a top concern before the rio games began, as brazils economic crisis deepened, pushing up unemployment and poverty rates. the rio state government deployed a huge security force, and the streets surrounding the olympic park and the athletes village sometimes look like military compounds.
"he led his hometown shanghai sharks to a cba championship in 2002 and was the number 1 pick in the nba draft the same year. as a member for the houston rockets, he earned all-rookie honors (2003) and was named to the all-nba team five times (2004, 2006-2009). as an eight-time nba all-star (2003-2009, 2011), he broke the record for most all-star votes, previously held by michael jordan in 2005. as the anchor of the chinese national team, yao was named a three-time fiba asian championship mvp, " the announcement said.
on saturday afternoon, while caroline kumahara of so paulo was on her way to losing her first-round match to an opponent from luxembourg, the brazilian fans kept their spirits up, doing the wave, rattling noisemakers and serenading her with encouragement, like eu sou brasileiro, com muito orgulho, com muito amr! (i am brazilian, with much pride, with much love!)
budapest, hungary, has lost five bids to host the games in its history, and it appears to be lagging behind the other three cities with greater olympic resumes. paris would be looking to host for the first time since 1924, rome since 1960 and los angeles since 1984.
fans emotions were high during wednesdays penultimate home game, and bryant could sense it. he checked out in the final minute of the 91-81 loss to the los angeles clippers to a roaring standing ovation, with fans chanting his name as loudly and for as long as they have at any point this season.
during a mens fencing event, raucous brazilian fans tossed aside the sports typically convoluted rules of decorum  cheering is all right, but only at certain moments  as they shook the stands with continuous spasms of celebration and booed anyone who notched a point against one of their own.
still, ire over brazils handling of the tournament remains widespread over the estimated $11 billion cost of hosting the tournament, including subsidized loans for stadiums in cities like braslia the capital; cuiab, a remote agribusiness center; and manaus, an industrial hub deep in the amazon, with paltry soccer fan bases.
"were excited to bring luke back to los angeles, where we feel hes going to start an outstanding coaching career," said lakers general manager mitch kupchak."hes one of the brightest young coaching minds in the game and we feel fortunate that hell be leading the on-court future of our team."
guided by former star spiker, the iron hammer lang ping, the chinese overcame a second-set scare to defeat japan 3-1 on the final day of the world cup in nagoya to finish top of the 12-team tournament and clinch a direct berth to the 2016 games.
new chinese national flags with correctly oriented stars reportedly were made by a brazil-based company and were set to be delivered to every olympic venue in rio de janeiro on august 11, as a result of several complaints lodged by the chinese team and chinas rio consulate.
"ending the cycle of work that began in august 2006, and ended with the elimination of brazil from the world cup in south africa, the cbf announces that the technical committee of the national team has been released," the statement on the cbf's official website read. "the new technical committee will be announced later this month."
fukushima's sprawling j-village sports facility, where the japan soccer team used to train, is also set to be restored in time for the 2020 olympics after being converted into a base camp for thousands of wor ers deployed for the massive cleanup operation following the nuclear crisis.
before game 7 of the 2010 finals against the lakers, pierce said, i just love the pressure, truthfully, man. i love the fact that i get to play against the los angeles lakers in a game 7 on the road. i love the fact that if i dont win multiple championships that i probably wont be mentioned amongst the other guys in celtics history whove done it before. that type of stuff motivates me.
a more sombre political note is sounded by the folha de s. paulo website, which notes that the ceremony engaged with social causes and was an uncomfortable experience for brazils interim president, michel temer, who was booed by some in the crowd as he declared the games open.
los angeles  dozens of russian athletes at the 2014 winter olympics in sochi, including at least 15 medal winners, were part of a state-run doping program, meticulously planned for years to ensure dominance at the games, according to the director of the countrys antidoping laboratory at the time.
in their first on-court meeting last november, mr. westbrook appeared to troll mr. durant by showing up for the game wearing an orange bib that read "official photographer." (mr. durant is a budding amateur photographer who shot super bowl 50 for the players tribune, the sports site started by derek jeter, and in which mr. durant has a stake.)
and, since the attacks, the anthem has been played at sporting events around the world, including at n.b.a. games at madison square garden, where the knicks played the new orleans pelicans, and at the staples center in los angeles, where the clippers played the detroit pistons, and at several n.h.l. games in canada.
the loss was a major upset in the volleyball world, as the previously unbeaten brazil  5-0 in group a  was bested by a china team that barely made it out of its group with a 2-3 record in group b. whats more, brazil getting knocked out of the tournament opens a huge window for the u.s. women to finally get that elusive gold that brazil has had a lock on since 2008.
but this was still an upbeat ending to round one, and when the match and the interviews were over, messi and his teammates boarded their team bus and rolled off under an overcast sky into a city that remains very much part of brazil, but for this one day, felt like it belonged to argentina.
according to baidu wiki, at first this post was not noticed, but as the teams advances out of group matches and the tournament entered the knockout stage, especially when the netherlands beat the popular 5 times champion brazil, this post quickly attracted more attention and discussions.
if you read jackson this way, as most people do, you will have an intermittently good time, and you will come away with a handful of memorable tidbits. you will learn, for instance, that jerry buss, the former los angeles lakers owner who died in 2013 (and the father of jacksons fiance), had a penchant for hanging out with young girls and dancing till 3 in the morning. you will learn that in game 6 of the 1997 n.b.a. finals, the chicago bulls equipment manager accidentally gave the players gatorlode, a high-carbohydrate drink, rather than gatorade, meaning that each player ingested the equivalent of about 20 baked potatoes.
since the month-long competition opened in brazil, legionsof chinese sports fans have been gathering for viewing parties in their living rooms, in factory and school dormitories, and in restaurants and bars, many of which have opened late for the fans to watch matches live on chinese television.
instead, many expect trump will then start making frequent trips to his penthouse apartment at trump tower in new york city -- where first lady melania trump has been living for the first part of 2017 as their son, baron, finishes school -- and his private trump national golf club in bedminster township, new jersey.
rio de janeiro  at least two workers were killed on wednesday when a construction crane collapsed at the stadium in so paulo where brazil plans to hold the opening game of next years world cup, raising concerns over the countrys ability to finish an array of lavish arenas that have been plagued by delays and cost overruns.
in lieu of ye olde english charm, the open markets new york noise and night life, the rough and tumble of the big city, notwithstanding the spanking white booths promoting merchandise by tiffanys and mercedes and the tourists in tennis outfits, as if ready to play, downing flutes of champagne on the moet &amp; chandon terrace.
"why is ucla and georgia tech in china to play a basketball game? missing all that school, then force-feeding their fans the idea of student-athletes. if it's such a cultural excursion, what is ucla doing in the louis vuitton sunglass section?" van gundy asked. "they can do that in beverly hills. you're in charge of that league, i'll tell you what the answer is, money. they're trying to sell something to get more money."
los angeles  dozens of russian athletes at the 2014 winter olympics in sochi, including at least 15 medal winners, were part of a state-run doping program, meticulously planned for years to ensure dominance at the games, according to the director of the countrys antidoping laboratory at the time.
numerous dignitaries attended the event including the president of the hellenic republic prokopis pavlopoulos the president of the international olympic committee thomas bach and representatives of the greek government and of the brazilian delegation headed by the president of the organizing committee of the "rio 2016" olympic games carlos nuzman.
eduardo paes, the mayor of rio de janeiro, who has hitched his political fortunes to the games, contends the negative sentiment around the olympics is largely because of brazils stray-dog complex, a term used by the playwright nelson rodrigues to describe the inferiority with which brazilians sometimes view themselves in relation to other countries.
well, we went to the brazilian government and to fifa and proposed,well, let's have the kickoff of the 2014 world cup be given by a brazilian paraplegic using a brain-controlled exoskeleton that allows him to kick the ball and to feel the contact of the ball.
guided by former star spiker, the 'iron hammer' lang ping, the chinese overcame a second-set scare to defeat japan 3-1 on the final day of the world cup in nagoya to finish top of the 12-team tournament and clinch a direct berth to the 2016 games.
shanghai, march 6 (xinhua) -- vice president of  the isu jan dijkema said on sunday that he agreed with the idea of  shanghai trophy enlarging its scale to conclude all short track speedskating and figure skating events, but he admitted it would be very difficult to realize.
tianjin quanjian has spent heavily on the former brazilian striker alexandre pato and the belgian international midfielder axel witsel, while hebei c.f.f.c. finished seventh in 2016 and, under the former real madrid and manchester city coach manuel pellegrini, has spent more than any team in the transfer window that closed this week.
in 25 years of coaching, courtney pollins, president of big apple youth football in new york, says he has found that parents who hire private coaches and buy the most expensive shoes 'tend to be the same parents who are over-involved -- yelling at the coaches and yelling at their own kids. i tell them to go home and not come back to practice.'
before irving got fitted for his mask heading into tuesday night's game against the nets at the barclays center in brooklyn, new york, his infant daughter, azurie, accidentally hit him in the face in the spot where he suffered the fracture after teammate aron baynes inadvertently elbowed him while going for a block on hornets guard kemba walker.
ubs used its "econometric toolbox and quantitative models" to forecast the winner based on factors including historic results and the teams' current "elo ratings"  which take account of not only recent wins, losses and defeats, but the conditions under which those events occurred. beating a powerhouse like brazil or spain would improve a teams elo ranking much more than beating a smaller side like malta or andorra.
braslia  with brazils government facing widespread discontent over its preparations for the world cup, president dilma rousseff hit back at critics in an interview here on tuesday, defending loans from state banks for costly new stadiums for the tournament and insisting that brazilians planning to shun the event were a small minority.
eduardo paes, the mayor of rio de janeiro, who has hitched his political fortunes to the games, contends the negative sentiment around the olympics is largely because of brazils stray-dog complex, a term used by the playwright nelson rodrigues to describe the inferiority with which brazilians sometimes view themselves in relation to other countries.
Japan , he declares in the green room immediately after losing a semi - final and checking his phone for the gold price , offers a sobering example to him and other stars of bar room sports of what happens when a leading economy moves to negative interest rates .
A first alleged payment in July 2013 and a second one three months later were made under the title of " Tokyo 2020 Olympic Game Bid " from a Japanese bank account to a Singapore account held by Black Tidings , the French financial prosecutor 's office said in a statement .
With two generations of attacking stars ranging from Romario and Rivaldo to Ronaldo and Ronaldinho , Brazil won the 1994 and 2002 World Cups , plus South America 's championship in 1997 and 1999 , in a stretch marred only by a surprise loss to France in the 1998 World Cup final .
Brazil seems to be living by the maxim of Bill Shankly , the legendary football manager best known for his time at Liverpool , who famously remarked : Some people believe football is a matter of life and death .  .  . I can assure you , it is much , much more important than that . 
There are quite a few out gay athletes competing . You used to never hear about that or see that . There were gay people competing , but they werent out or written about . Slowly , theres starting to be a realization that gays are interested in sports , that theyre actually good at sports , and they can excel and achieve like anyone else . 
The chemist identified as a linchpin in that operation  Grigory Rodchenkov , the longtime head of Russias antidoping laboratory  told The New York Times this month that he worked for years , at the direction of the Russian government , to help the countrys athletes use banned , performance - enhancing substances in global competition and go undetected .
Brazils soccer federation delayed all matches for a week and the nations feuding politicians put their infighting aside for a day to send their condolences to the families of players and officials from Chapecoense , a club based in the small city of Chapec in the southern state of Santa Catarina .
" I told my players I was very grateful for a wonderful year , " said the former Brazil coach . " We lost 3-0 to Barcelona , but a lot of big teams have lost 3-0 to them , so there is no shame . Even without Messi and Neymar , Barcelona have so much quality . "
China is to get a winter games ; Boston was dropped from consideration for the summer ones ; Rome , according to this newspaper , wants to step in ; and a scientific report has said the waters of Rio are so polluted that swimmers and yachtsmen might get seriously ill next year at the Brazil games .
Our chart excludes the boycott games of Moscow 1980 and Los Angeles 1984 which had exaggerated host - nation effects , along with the 1972 and 1976 games , whose hosts West Germany and Canada would go on to be major beneficiaries of the Soviet - bloc boycott of the Los Angeles games in 1984 .
Early on in this tournament , Lang Ping  who captured an Olympic title with the 1984 Chinese national team in Los Angeles then later spent a four - year stint coaching the Americans  challenged her players to find ways to grow from their struggles with the world watching .
Its important to me to show images to my children that reflect their beauty so they can grow up in a world where they look in the mirror , first through their own families , as well as the news , the Super Bowl , the Olympics , the White House , and the Grammys , and see themselves . 
So yes , the city has a massive crime problem and the whole affair was just a horrible idea to begin with , but now athletes dont even have the luxury of catching Pikachus in their downtime ( if they can find a Pikachu anyway ) . This successful augmented reality app has been released in at least 28 countries so far , but not in Brazil .
There is no reason not to travel to France , according to Martin Stone , the head of Europe , Middle East and Africa for the New York City - based global investigation firm Nardello & Co ., but travelers should be aware that there are several major sports events happening in the country over the next several months such as the French Open , taking place now through early June ; the UEFA European Championship , the soccer tournament from June 10 through July 10 ; and the Tour de France , starting July 2 .
According to information released at the press release , only Shaanxi apples are served at the Great Hall of People , and Shaanxi apples were also available at major events including the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games , the 2010 World Expo in Shanghai and the 2016 G20 Hangzhou summit .
The chemist identified as a linchpin in that operation  Grigory Rodchenkov , the longtime head of Russias antidoping laboratory  told The New York Times this month that he worked for years , at the direction of the Russian government , to help the countrys athletes use banned , performance - enhancing substances in global competition and go undetected .
Scott is likely gone this summer , and Bryant has assured all that his career will end when his $25 million contract expires this July . Kupchak will then be allowed to potentially use two - thirds of the massive salary cap to lure free agents to play in Los Angeles with a young core that could also include a top three pick in this years draft ( if lottery odds hold up ) .
During the past year , she has actively pushed into other fields winning the gold medal at the 2016 UK Cake International competition and becoming the first Chinese singer to be invited to take part in fashion shows including Victoria 's Secret Fashion Show , Met Gala and fashion week in Paris , New York , London and Milan .
I love football . I just wanted to make one childhood dream correct and valid . All my kid years , I was dreaming to watch these organizations in the placenow I 'm in Brazil . I love football . I love all these people from all over the world . 
On two World Cup teams , in 1962 and 1970 , 8 of the 11 starting players played in Santos , and although that is unlikely ever to happen again ( most top Brazilian players now make millions for European clubs ) , it is , at least for now , the squad of Neymar , the 21 - year - old Instagram - using star who many consider the best player in the country .
China had been defeated by the US in the group stage and was not a pre-tournament title favorite . However , China beat Brazil 3-2 , an opponent which has defeated China in the past two Games , and Netherlands at 3-1 , which beat China in the group stage last week .
A first alleged payment in July 2013 and a second one three months later were made under the title of Tokyo 2020 Olympic Game Bid from a Japanese bank account to a Singapore account held by Black Tidings , the French financial prosecutors office said in a statement yesterday .
The United States attorneys office for the Eastern District of New York is scrutinizing Russian government officials , athletes , coaches , antidoping authorities and anyone who might have benefited unfairly from a doping regime , according to the people , who did not have authorization to speak about the inquiry publicly .
During the past year , she has actively pushed into other fields winning the gold medal at the 2016 UK Cake International competition and becoming the first Chinese singer to be invited to take part in fashion shows including Victorias Secret Fashion Show , Met Gala and fashion week in Paris , New York , London and Milan .
The five - time World Cup champions will be without midfielder Elano , who scored in each of Brazil 's first two matches . He has been ruled out of the game against the Netherlands after bruising a bone in his right ankle during a victory over Ivory Coast .
It's not just Americans who see the riches in English football. Roman Abramovich, a Russian billionaire, owns Chelsea. The Abu Dhabi royal family owns Manchester City. Egyptian tycoon Assem Allam owns Hull City. Vincent Tan, a Malaysian business titan, owns Cardiff City. Venky's, an Indian chicken-processing company, owns Blackburn, which is no longer in the top league, underscoring one of the unusual aspects of European sport: relegation. Teams that finish in the bottom of the league get 'sent down' and top teams from the division below get 'sent up' to the show. Teams that fall out of the top flight can lose tens of millions of dollars in annual television fees.
Based on the technical statistics of the 2002 world women's volleyball  grand prix, this paper makes an analysis of the advantages and disadvantages of  the Chinese team and the Russian team and finds the reason of the Chinese team's failure in order to provide reference for future training.
The article,by using documentation,mathematics statistics and TV records methods,analyzed the performance of Chinese men's basketball in the world basketball game during the last few years,analyzed the progressive reasons of the Europe and South American's men basketball,and the existent problems of Chinese men's basketball,provided some references for the development of Chinese men's basketball.
The Mandarin broadcast, which is in its second year at Dayton, is LaPlacas brainchild, the product of an initiative by a university looking to engage more with the international students on campus. After noticing that the University of Illinois started an online Mandarin broadcast for its football games during the 2015 season, Dayton saw an opportunity to try something similar.
Probably the best place to supplement your soccer fix, though, is the Museum of Football, located within Pacaembu Stadium in So Paulo. The museum  where most exhibits, though not all, are translated into English and Spanish  provides historical perspective but, more important, goes pretty far in replicating the excitement in the stadiums. A samba beat follows you part of the way through the exhibits, and a raucous audio-visual display (dramatically located under the Pacaembu bleachers) is dedicated to the organized fan groups. Everything in life changes, except for the team you choose to cheer for, a quote reads. Particularly appealing are the videos in which Brazilian soccer writers recall the most memorable goals of their lives.
By the methods of documentary and mathematical statistics, this paper makes an analysis on the affairs of sports research item defined by State Sport General Administration of China during 1996-2002. The result shows that the number of defined sports research item has increased yearly, and based on it , the sports social science has been developed , and a good foundation of sports soft science has been established.
In allusion to the unpredictability and uncertainty of the regularity of the change of athletes' performances and by applying the model of sports grey theory, the grey model (GM 1,1)for predicting the Chinese national records in 5 events of the women freestyle swimming. The after-check difference examination and the relative degree were analyzed. The results indicated that the precision of the model is up to the first class, which is reliable and useful in practice.
After thinking from the angle of related philosophy,this article has also explored some problems of football fans and fan culture,analyzed football fans' ideological and psychological state and fixed the special status of Chinese football fans in this special football environment,which is that football fans play a very important and main role in this game and the fans' main-body sense is key in the healthy development of Chinese football.
By examining physical fitness and technical condition of six A-level junior boy Volleyball teams taking part in the National Games in 1996, and by analysing the statistics data, physical fitness and technical conditions of junior boy Volleyballers in China were studied, and advices were given for their training and competition.
Basketball is such a level game, LaPlaca said. Its a sport that crosses all languages, all boundaries. So it made sense for us to be able to start this program and to allow international students to be able to broadcast the games and also reach an audience out in China.
Taking the coaches in water sport as subjects, with the help of interviews, document research and questionnaires, adopting statistical methods including factor analysis and relate analysis, this article covers the study in the internal structure of the work stress for coaches in water sport and the relation among their work stress, coping styles and social support. The conclusions are as follows:
While the national team is still received warmly in many places, the players had to pass through a gantlet of protesters here in Rio de Janeiro this month on their way to their luxurious training camp in the mountains above the city. The chant of the striking teachers who led the protest: An educator is worth more than Neymar.
By taking the crisis in "The Modern Soccer Team's Strike" occurred during China Supper Soccer League Matches on the 2nd day of October 2004 as an example,the authors reviewed the problems existed in the handling of this crisis by China Soccer Association,and further probed into the principle and strategies of administrative management type management of crisis of sports organizations.
A goal on a penalty kick by Neymar, his second goal of the match, was the turning point on a tense night for the hosts. Just when it seemed that Croatia might survive with a draw, defender Dejan Lovren was whistled for dragging down Brazil's striker Fred 8 yards from the goal.
To discuss how the Hong Kong youth choose the sports events, the thesis makes an analysis and approach of the sports the youth of Hong Kong like to participate and appreciate and dislike best, and the reasons by social investigations, thus making people know quite clearly about the status quo of the Hong Kong youth participating and appreciating sports.
The Overall Writhing-Time Champions: Honduras. Los Catrachos spent the most time on the ground or being tended to by trainers: seven minutes and 40 seconds to be exact. Naturally, five minutes and 0 seconds of that came in the first half against France when the match was tied (which would have been good enough for them).
emphasized on three live stat indexes:ball hawk, bank ball in back court and lose score, the defensive ability of male basketball team of Beijing Shougang in host games has been studied to find the reason of achievement climb, and to trace the weakness existed in single defensive ability, organizing and cooperation of group defensive ability, and furthermore, to bring forward suggestion.
Soccer's crowning event, a monthlong tournament that kicks off June 12, will take place in 12 host cities across Brazil. The country's Ministry of Tourism estimates 3.1 million Brazilian and foreign tourists will flock to the games and FIFA Fan Fests. Rio is projected to be the top destination, with 554,000 visitors.
This article analyzed the effects of the changes of social type in ancient Rome and that of Europe in fourteenth century on the Olympic, and combined it with the period of modern change type in our country, the aim is to inquire into the possibility to propel the modern Olympic sports to go a step further in our country and provide some suggestions for the development of Olympic sports.
This paper is a comparative study of the contents,characteristics and test criteria of traditional Chinese sports and Western sports as well as the causes of the differences between the two so as to find a newstart for the take_off of traditional Chinese sports in the world.
Aquatic swine are not exclusive to China. Australia has a family with diving pigs, and in the Bahamas you can frolic in the surf with them. But as in many pursuits, Chinas rural entrepreneurs have shown an inventive do-it-yourself streak, and turned the pursuit into a tourist draw and a selling point for pork. Proponents say that diving pigs are healthier, leaner and tastier, and so sell for better prices. We wanted to make the pigs grow healthier, because usually theyre too lazy, said Zou Wei, a manager in the planning department of Tuhe Black Pork, a company in Shandong Province that puts some of its hogs through a routine of diving and swimming. To start with, the pigs dont like it, but you force one onto the diving platform and it slides down, the others see that and follow.
From Washington to Cal to Stanford to Utah and beyond, many Pac-12 members have large numbers of Chinese students, as well as extensive relationships in China. Scott noted that several Washington officials went along to last years Huskies-Longhorns basketball game to further an initiative between the university and Tsinghua University in Beijing.
Analysing and appraising objectively the show of Fujian Women Basketball Team in WCBA League Matching (2004-2005) by the ways of watching the matches, consulting documents and materials and data statistics and putting forward some proposals for reference base of the training and matches in future for Fujian Women Basketball Team.
In this thesis, 111 research on the offensive characteristics of part of big forwards of the Both world womeri s Basketball championship, which was held in German during May and June in 1998, and reviewthe forward s offensive characteristics of the current session of the world womeri s Basketball championship.
During the training,the mid -long distance training will be more systematic,more scientific and more reasonable by persisting in taking ATP -CP and the system of providing energy about carbo-hydrase leaven as a core,increasing the athletes' loads little by little, paying attention to the athletes'recovery after training, together with the blazing new sports skills, economically and effectively using the scientific training system of producing energy in the persons' bodies .
This text defined the concept of the physical culture in campus of university, and expatiated its construction, characteristic and the function. We investigate the building actuality of the physical culture in campus of university in Wuhan area from the aspect of campus physical spiritual culture, material culture, institutional culture, main body of creating physical culture in campus alone with extracurricular P.E. which is a very important carrier of physical culture in campus.
The story of the Christmas Truce, and soccers part in it, became gilded over the decades. It is implausible, but not impossible, that any soldier smuggled a leather ball  or even the inflatable pigs bladder inside the casing  to the trenches. But that is how it has become depicted in accounts fictionalized and made more beautiful.
So after the shareholder Dennis Wong, the managing director of SPI Holdings, advised Lacob on the real estate purchase for the new arena, Walecka helped with the financing. When I spoke with Swinmurn, he reeled off rapid-fire opinions on the design of the Warriors branded attire, the type of food sold at the concession stands and other disparate topics. Occasionally, minority partners can even influence what happens on the court. John Burbank of Passport Capital, who uses a deep knowledge of mathematics in his own investments, contributes detailed memos applying complex metrics to potential acquisitions. I dont know if any of it has 180ed us on a player, Bob Myers, the Warriors general manager, told me, but it has certainly moved us in a direction, one way or another. And hes done it enough that its just the course of things now. Its part of the process.
While men are now attempting triple flips, women are not to the point of doing doubles. Cusson believes that the smaller jumps are sufficient for the tricks that women are doing. At last years world championships in Norway, Cusson required his team to use the smaller jumps to limit injuries. Some women were upset, afraid that their scores from judges would be lower without the greater risk. But Canada finished first, second and fifth in the competition.
The author has observed the two-live-match recording having created the indoor world record during the 800-metre qualification rounds and deciding head of wilson kipkater, and researched emphatically the results of passage running, stride length,stride frequency and the time of supporting phase and vaulting phase,finally analyses the technical characteristics of wilson kipkater's retaining fast-rhythm running.
Combining with the current condition in skating teaching,the authors put forward some ideas and suggestions in many respects,such as the sense of cultivating the modern talents,rejuvenating education,developing the life-long sports consciousness,enhancing the healthy education and optimizing the course structure of skating teaching in colleges and universities.
Through observation and research toward offensive ways and positions in 2004 European Football Finals,and running characteristics of 5 topflight side backs in Spanish &Italian; Fotball Match,it shows the characteristics,laws and methodes of side back in modern football match to provide football teams for reference in the training and the match.
Through technical statistics of the Asia championship finals matches, different positions players' offensive and defensive techniques and ability of Chinese Team and Korea team are comparatively studied. The result shows that: on most of positions, Chinese players take adventage of Korea ones in body characteristic,especially Yao Ming's offensive and defensive techniques take obviously adventage of others.
After selecting from various textbooks of table tennis ball and based on the rule ofthe game and in connection with the training plan, a new teaching metaod was worked out so asto make students mast6r the basic techniques and skills for the development of physicalqualities of this speciality.
Using the methods of literature,mathematical statistics and systematic analysis,this paper researched on the basic characteristic of the Chinese and foreign high level football team defend behavior in important games,The results show that:the differences of the Chinese and foreign high level football team were that the Chinese high football team was not good at forming and making use of defend formation,it was short of the whole of the defend behavior
DATA EXTRACTION: Totally 165 articles on the effects of physical exercise on the immunological function of HIV-positive people and the infectivity when the HIV-positive people attended the competitions. On the basis of choice and analysis, the repetitive and similar researches were excluded. A total of 14 papers were collected and classified to arrange for review at last.
Through Europe Championship finals 31 games in 2004 and 18 Division A League Matches of Germany and Italy Football observation,statistics,analysis,this essay probes into and discusses the characteristic,course of action,(classification) of the running position of players without the ball,etc. It offeres the important theoretical foundation for the soccer training and game in the future.
The first thing you have to know about Brazilian soccer is that it is played nearly year-round. Theres no spring training or long, wait-till-next-year periods of inactivity. Between two consecutive league seasons and a handful of national and international tournaments, the biggest teams play virtually nonstop, except for about a month in late December and early January. The first few months of the year are dominated by state leagues: all 26 Brazilian states, as well as the Federal District in and around Braslia, have them. (Games are generally on Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays.) By May or June, the more exciting four-tiered national league starts. By the time the season ends in December, theres a national champion.
Its going to be a tossup for us, because I think the U.S. team will face bigger pressure than we do, Wang said after the match, speaking through an interpreter. We have already obtained our initial objective. We just need to go as far as we can. No more pressure.
BBC pundit and former England player Gary Lineker shared his thoughts on Twitter. 'The host nation are allowed one shocking decision. Brazil have used it early,' he wrote in one tweet. 'It's a tight call for Brazil's man of the match between Neymar and the referee,' he said in another.
Proceeding from the actual situation in Henan Province, this paper makes an overall investigation and analysis on the current situation of sports industry in Henan Province, explores the tendency and direction of sports industry in Henan Province, and puts forward some suggestions to further its development.
This paper points out the difference between the ground track field in elementary and high school and the ground track field for competition based on the character of physical education of elementary and high school, puts forward construction criterion, using and manage plan, suggests to solve professional problem of building and managing school's ground track field through system for contracted responsibility.
In the summer of 2015, Hebei, then a second-tier team in China, bid so much money to Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors F.C. for its Brazilian striker Eduardo, that the Korean champion was unable to refuse. Here was an Asian soccer powerhouse backed by Hyundai Motors  the conglomerate owners of Korean teams have been reducing financial support in recent years  unable to keep one of its most important players in the face of interest from a second division and almost unheard of Chinese team.
The authors laid their emphasis on expatiating on the basic connotations of Wushu as a Chinese national traditional sports event under market economy,analyzed the conditions and characters of variation of duality of Wushu structure as well as complex competition in Wushu, analyzed particular functions of Wushu under market economy,emphasized basic conditions for exerting Wushu functions while expatiating on Wushu functions in reality, and probed into possible trend of development of Wushu under market economy.
In their previous study of satellite photos, taken last Sunday, the analysts noted several teams at the test site playing volleyball, a popular sport in the North. That left observers wondering whether the North Koreans were engaged in some sort of deception  they are believed to know when commercial satellites that take such images will fly overhead  or were simply taking Sunday off.
On the basis of the competitive data statistics and comparative analysis for the excellent broad jumpers both in China and abroad, by sports biomechanical principles and methods, the  influence of the vertical speed of take - off on broad jumper result and its significance was discussed, it was revealed that the major technical indexes being qualified for a successful broad jump.
By using the methods of documentary material, mathematical statistics and comparative analysis, this article analyzed the technical materials of China men's basketball team in several world matches, compared with America basketball team, in order to reveal the main problems of attack and defense , find out the disparity between them, and provide the references for the development of China men's basketball team.
On the basis of the 191 statistics research papers about the national basketball matches in China published in Chinese journals from 1979 to 2005,the paper analysed the number of the published papers,the grades of the journals,general situation of the authors and the problems of data collection and proposed corresponding suggestions.
To be fair, it is actually possible to get hurt playing soccer. You can clang heads. You can snap a hamstring. You can get spiked in the soft tissue. There were nine injuries in total that forced players to be substituted from the game and to miss, or potentially miss, a match. These were discarded. That left 293 cases of potential embellishment that collectively took up 118 minutes, 21 seconds.
In order to study the tactics of table tennis,we should not only make specific tactics for the attack after service phase,equal phase and returning service phase respectively according to every play style or personal characteristic but also analyze the condition of match and stress implementing different tactics at different point.
The article studies the heat topics,main scopes and research orientation in sports research work based on the analysis of all the 490 awards in sports science granted by the national sport general institution before the year 2000,and the 94 research topics on the social science of sports in China.
Use the documents and materials law to analyse the need that our country holds sports competition to need strengthening risk management badly at present,characteristic,effect and type of and the systematic analysis sports competition risk,through such the studying of key element as the subject,object,goal and countermeasure to risk management of the sports competition,etc have probed into the countermeasure of holding sports competition to strengthen risk management.
But deals such as Dalian Wandas $650 million purchase of the Ironman competition and its expansion into marathons and road races have been questioned by analysts for the high prices that have been agreed upon. Buyers from China and Chinese companies have also pumped money into everything from professional cricket to world snooker tournaments and cycling.
By using the methods of document-data,inquiry-interview,logic, observation-statistics,mathmatical-statistics and other ways,it discusses thoroughly about the characteristc and rules of the stage of advancing upfield in goalgetting action of high level football game nowadays and the differences and the similaritis between the football games of male and female.
Encouraged by a government that wants to see China start punching its weight after years of underachievement in the global game, other investors have become involved in Chinese teams and are spending big in a bid to catch the dominant Guangzhou franchise. Recruiting from the K-League has proved to be an easy way to start.
This is not exclusive to China. It can happen in Rome, in Madrid, even in Liverpool, because they might be required to play three games nearly every week in a 0-month season, and then they are taken off for overseas tours to make the club even more money and to build the brand.
In order to explore the application value of circular training method in the development of gymnastics movement speed, this paper probes to design a circular training method for the development of gymnastics movement speed after a study on the gymnastics skills of P. E. majors in higher institutions.
Through skill statistics and site TV record observation of altogether 8 conteses of the two teams,Eieht-One Rocket and Guangdong Hongyuan in CBA Final in 2002-2003 competition season and 2003-2004 competition season,this paper makers a comparative study on the offense and deffense skills and ability of the two teams.
The present study investigated the attack characteristics of some vanguard athletes in the 13~(th) world women's basketball championships held in Germany during May and June in 1998, revealed the offensive characteristics in the championships and studied the developmental tendency of vanguard athletes technique of Women's basketball game as well as its application to competition, thus providing a theoretical basis for the practical choosing and training of front line athletes for China's Basketball Career.
The result shows that 1) three basic layouts structure of sports facility are put forwarded,they are daily life circle,weekend life circle and holiday life circle 2) Physical activity behavior of residents is body healthy activity as main activity in daily life circle,leisure activity is the main activity in weekend life circle.
With the combination of the documentary analysis,video observation,expert interview and statistic analysis,this research conducted a statistical analysis on the attacking speed of Chinese team in seven competitions in the 14th world championship,and a comparative analysis between Chinese team and foreign teams. The in-depth analysis on the reasons for attaching slowly of Chinese basketball team was provided.
STONEHAM, Mass.  When two bombs transformed last year's Boston Marathon into a war zone, the Norden family absorbed a double dose of grief. J.P., 34, and his brother Paul, 32, both strapping construction workers in their prime who were there to cheer on a friend, each lost a leg in the carnage.
This article analyzes the techniques,videos and reports of the two teams entered the final and their three games during the WCBA finals 2005-2006,and summarizes the reasons of their success and failure,meanwhile makes suggestions for other teams that they should increase field goals,enhance backboard recovery and blocking shoots and should reduce faults and fouls.
The paper discusses the home court advantage in Chinese Volleyball National League based on statistics and analysis of the tournament results of five seasons in national volleyball league from 1996-1997 season to 2000-2001 season. It is found that there is obvious home court advantage in Chinese Volleyball League.
By means of literature reviews, video observation and mathematical statistics, the author of this paper carries on a research with Q-type analysis for the scoring abilities of 29 forwards who have played 132 games of 22 rounds during league A routine games in 2003-04 season of CBA and divides their scoring ability into 3 kinds: excellent, medium and inferior.
The article describes the theoretical basis of apply of GM(1, 1) moesls in  spprts forecast, introduces the main content and the using methods of GM(1, 1) models,and studies carefully the forecast of GN(1, 1) models in sports and discusses the  limit ed factors of application by combining with male hammer thrower Bi Zhong's best  performance.
By studying relevant document, the paper analyzes the using of shuttlecock in sports activities and draws out the conclusion that shuttlecock can be extensively used in sports activities, has great importance in entire nation health, and should be used in more extensive fields to improve our nation health level.
By a 3-D biological kinetic analysis of the hurdle clearance techniques during the 4th and 5th hurdles in the race at the 2002 Meet in Velenje-Slovenia run by Colin Jackson,the 0m hurdle's the world record holder, some important parameters indicating the best model of hurdle clearance techniques are obtained.
I want my kids to run track and cross country-where the ultimate goal is to accomplish your personal best. I want them to learn an instrument, to master a craft, to join the drama club. I want my son to be a 'science nerd.' I want my daughter to write poetry. I don't care if they win and I don't care if they lose, as long as they try and as long as they're happy. We place such an unhealthy emphasis in this country upon victory, without stopping to ponder the end game. Yes, medals are nice. Trophies, too. But, really, what's so important about being the best? Why are we so focused on the result, while forgetting the value of the journey? Why do we devote so much time turning our offspring into ... us?
The basketball in our nation is now in the low-level period. Make acomprehensive view of the basketball actuality in our nation, the management ofhigh-level sport team and the improvement of the coach are serious problems whichneed to be settled, but the lack of the teen-age basketball mothball persons is the keyfor the basketball to popularize.
The goal sent a panic through the favorites, who were suddenly facing a deficit in a game that was supposed to be a celebration. Instead of dazzling the crowd, they turned physical, throwing elbows at Croatia, including a particularly violent one from Neymar to Luka Modric's left cheek that earned the young star a yellow card.
Its meant to be fun and good for your health, Mr. Pope said of the marathon. But in such air, its just plain ridiculous to be running, he said. He abandoned the course. Most of my expat friends pulled out, he said. And quite a few of my Chinese friends too, but a lot didnt. I think they dont know as much about the health impact.
How to attract more investment into the competition with the limited financial allocations from the government,which is the problem the sports economy workers should consider and solve seriously. This essay tries to analyze the characteristic of the investment of large-scale athletic   competition,and serve some theoretical grounds for running this kind of competition.
Secondly, the article takes order with the datum of questionnaire called back with the software of Statistics Package for Social Science 11.0, and then according to theses statistical results, it analyzes the present situation of tennis ball's consumption level and structure and factors that impact resident's action of consumption of tennis ball in Chengdu. Thirdly, it draws a conclusion, and forecasts the increasing trend of tennis ball's consumption demand in Chengdu.
The article make detailed comparison on the status of management system between China and other famous soccer nations such as Brazil, Italy, Argentina, etc. 7 pieces of advice are also given on how to study the famous nations' advanced experience and methods and formulate management system for our nation's professional soccer match: reform and improve present sports system;
For all the best sport teams are managed by the national sports general bureau, the talents of track and field also should do that. The general bureau should remove unfavorable factors, reform management system of coaches and training methods of track and field, bring the sport function of labor unions into full play, strengthen the effects of young coaches, and do best of improve the sport skill level of nationality.
Investigating and researching the gymnastics event teaching means in P.E and health in the (institutions) of (higher) (school) by the method of literature and expert visiting and questionnaire investigate, we find the conflict between teaching means that undergraduate enjoy and gymnastics traditional instruct and examine up to par that teachers adopt, multimedia has little in the gymnastics teaching, In allusion to actuality we bring forward the corresponding advice and measure.
This paper makes an investigation and study of the women soccer competitions between four countries of the Pacific Insurance Cup in Guangzhou in 2002. And preliminarily probing into the features of Chinese Women Soccer in using the shot techiques, expecting to provide some reference materials for the objectively training of the Chinese Women Soccer team in the future.
By comparing the defensive techniques of the Chinese team with that of other four Western Asian teams in Group A at the '98 Football World Cup, the paper pointed out the weak points of the Chinese team and the defensive techniques used by the four teams at different games,which will provide a good reference for the Chinese team in their training.
Based on investigating and analyzing the present situation of the social kickboxing stadium conditionstypes and numbers of equipmentsauxiliary training facilities, this paper suggests some corresponding development countermeasures in order to give theoretical and realistic basis for Hebei  kickboxing's  prevalence and development, to provide reference for policy-making of Hebei Kickboxing Sports Administration Center and at the same time to offer some useful inspirations for  stadium's  management and operation.
According to the statistic analysis on five 2004-2005 CBA final games and the comparative analysis on the situation of using skills,features of using skills and tactics in CBA finals are researched and the reasons of Guangdong's wining are analyzed,in order to provide theoretical references for skills and tactics development of CBA teams.
This study is intended to analyze the factors that restrict the sustainable development of athletic taekwondo in Fujian Province through the investigation into the present situation of athletic taekwondo in Fujian Province. And the causes of these factors will be found to put forward the fundamental countermeasures for realizing the sustainable development of athletic taekwondo in Fujian Province and to provide referential basis for promoting athletic    taekwondo.
During the first 32 games, there were 302 players who could be seen at some point rolling around in pain, crumpling into a fetal position or lying lifeless on the pitch as the referee stopped the match. These theatrical episodes ate up a total of 132 minutes of clock, a metric we have decided to call 'writhing time.'
On basis of observation of the scoring performance of the Chinese Women's Volleyball Team in the 5 final matches during 2005 World Competition,the authors did a statistical analysis about the Chinese team's performances in first attack,defense and counter attack,blocking and service,aimed to identify the relative advantages and disadvantages of the team as against that of its counterparts,block and service were analyzed in order to offer reference for better scoring in the future.
A 2015 survey conducted for the World Triathlon Corporation  the Tampa, Fla.-based organizers of Kona and other Ironman races  found that the average annual household income for Ironman participants is $247,000. USA Triathlon, the largest multisport organization in the world, says the average income for all triathletes, including those at shorter distances, is $126,000.
Despite the overwhelming reaction from the Brazilian fans, Croatia, who was without its top scorer since Mario Mandzukic was suspended after getting a red card late in qualifying, did not buckle. Instead, the Blazers steadied their midfield early in the second half and looked to be comfortable playing for a tie as they bottled up the Brazilians attempts to penetrate.
Expounding the dialetical relations between the creation of new vaulting horse skills and gymnastics competition rules, this paper points out that the competition rules should not only be followed but also be broken through boldly when creating new skill, which would impel the gymnastic competitors to pursue and explore more new skills and achieve high performance as well and to get more achievements in the international match.
What happened today to this iconic sports even is just another reminder to the government that much remains to be done to Chinas energy and industrial structure to solve pollution, said Mr. Zhang. If the battle against pollution is a marathon, it is now time to catch up on speed.
On the basis of the research work, the exchange with the sports research institutes and professional football clubs in Germany and Italy and his four-year's physical condition training experience as a condition coach in the Chinese Professional Football League( calss A) in our country, the author summarized elementarily the purpose, significance and limitation of the soccer player' s endurance test of the 12 minute's running.
Conca may not have the global profile of Didier Drogba and Nicolas Anelka, who in 2012 signed in a blaze of publicity with Shanghai Shenhua only to leave shortly thereafter, but the Argentine playmaker has been consistently excellent in his time in China. Conca will return to Fluminense in the Brazilian league at the end of the year, and in the final game of the domestic season last weekend, he said goodbye to Guangzhou fans. After scoring, he lifted his shirt to reveal a message saying in Chinese, Wherever I am, you will be in my heart.
Through making questionnaire investigation on Colleg es, normal universities, sports science institutions and 29 basketball experts, this paper gets to know the main factors and sub  factors involved that affectin g success rate of fast attack tactics, finds out the important degree of differe nt main factors, so as to provide the theoretical and training basis for basketb all tactics.
An analysis and improvement upon the original structure of leg wheels of skating robot were advanced, and a simulation was carried out upon the moving characteristics of the skating robot while it was sliding. Some characteristics of movement were obtained, and set a foundation for further study from now on.
Through watching the game and the kinescope,the author contrasted and analyzed the teams,movements,scores,of college calisthenics. We found out the aerobics conditions and the main problem in Shanxi province. To promote the aerobics of college, it is not only to strengthen the synthetic basic quality of coaches but also to strengthen investment and sustenance from the college to the team;
City manager Manuel Pellegrini suggested that night that Eriksson wasn't qualified to handle the game -- because he came from nonelite Sweden. 'I think it was not a good idea to put a referee from Sweden in a so important match,' Pellegrini said after the game. 'I think that there [is] more important football than in Sweden in Europe. A big game, with two important teams, I think maybe that kind of game needs a referee with more experience.'
Based on the six main characteristics,including high speed,quick rhythm,high competition,integration,attack ability and super star,this study conducted an in-depth and extensive analysis on the main gap between Chinese football and world-level football. Several central problems were proposed,such as lack of competition spirit,the surplus of non-sport factors,lack of football consciousness,and overmuch of low-level mistakes.
The obvious places to see games are Rio and So Paulo, for two reasons: first, they have multiple major teams  Flamengo, Fluminense, Vasco and Botafogo in Rio; Corinthians, So Paulo F.C. and Palmeiras in So Paulo, with several other less popular professional teams. In other words, there will always be a game.
In the long term, the Samsung Bluewings Lee hopes that the growth of China is seen as much as an opportunity as a problem. It could be good for the K-League. We need to think of another way forward for our game. We have to invest more money in our youth development and produce more and better players. If we can use the money to grow the football market here, it could be good.
Such is the privilege of success. Europes superpowers qualified for Russia while barely breaking a sweat: England, Spain and Germany all finished the campaign unbeaten. Germany, the world champion, did not so much as drop a point. Portugal, France and Italy lost only once. It is not boring because it does not matter; it is boring because it is easy.
By reviewing large amount of literature on aerobics and carefully analyzing and comparing the rule changes of athletic aerobics between 20012004 and 20052008,the authors of this paper conclude that the amendments to rules of athletic aerobics in the new period will make athletic aerobics develop in the direction of more artistic,more specialized and more systemized.
Ping-Pong, or table tennis as it is officially known, is one of the fastest racket sports, requiring muscular and cardiorespiratory endurance. Players need nimble footwork and upper body flexibility to return balls that can fly over 60 miles per hour, demanding faster response times than tennis or badminton. While energy expenditure tables list the sport as requiring four METS of energy, about the same as archery or bowling, skilled players can peak at 11.7 METs during a match, said Alessandro Moura Zagatto, a sports physiologist and researcher at So Paulo State University in Brazil. Thats a workout comparable to intense racquetball or moderate rowing.
Perplex the hot question of the school sportsdom of China at present through analysing,point out that the course theory innovation of sports is the key to extricating oneself from a plight in it,and then the localization from the course goal of sports,sports content,structure and sports appraisal of course,respect of course point out contemporary of our country sports course office of innovation of theory.
This paper made statistics and analysis on 77 goals of 31 matches in final phase in 12  th European Soccer Championship. The result showed that the goals of second half were higher than that of first half. At beginning of competition,the number of goals was the lowest,while between 7590 minutes of game time,the number of goals reached the highest.
The author adopted statistical and analyze ways and so on to compare the defensive ways that three countries have used in the football match of China,Japan and Korea in the Asia Cup 2004.The aim is to find the Chinese team's advantages and spatial difference in defense,giving the reference for Chinese team in match and training.
This paper investigated the development of Chinese soccer sport based the on grey system theory the result shows that the Chinese soccer development system is a progressive system, but it does not develop very well. The Chinese Football Association needs further reform to provide favorite conditions for healthy soccer development.
Brazil has always been a net exporter of soccer talent; no country sends more professional players abroad. But Brazils slumping economy and the chronic financial issues plaguing domestic clubs, where it is not uncommon for players to go unpaid for months, have some regarding Chinas current shopping spree as a worrisome asset-stripping of the Brazilian game.
The article, from the angle of physiology, made the analysis on the technique and training of 00_meter race and pointed out we should understand and grasp this characteristics and development tendency, change our old concept and teaching and training in reference to scientific training and improving dash records and technique level.
Based on literature reviews and observations and statistics,the author has conducted statistics and made analysis for 29 matches played by a total of 58 football teams during the 12th European Football Cup,especially the offensive manner of the corner ,skills of cross passing, cross passing area, shooting techniques and area as well as manners of defensive organization,etc. during the games.
By an investigation and analysis of the dietary and nutritious status of amateur student players in six general colleges and universities in Chongqing,the authors have learned about the dietary and nutritious status of these student players,discovered some problems and try to provide scientific guidelines of an appropriate dietary structure in order to ensure that the student players will keep physically fit,improve their athletic training level and complete their studies successfully as well.
Tsai had spent years fighting the charges that he helped throw four games. After his initial two-year jail sentence was reduced to six months, he agreed to pay a fine of about $00,000 to settle the case. His probation, which ended in August, required that he report daily to a police station, a humiliation he found hard to do after such an illustrious career.
Balentien, a hulking outfielder who once played in Major League Baseball for the Seattle Mariners and the Cincinnati Reds, has been unstoppable this season. Though he missed the seasons first 12 games with an injury, he has averaged a home run every two games and is hitting a league-best .340 with 111 runs batted in.
Tom Byer, an American consultant, will begin training 5,000 to 6,000 physical education teachers in China on the finer points of soccer this summer. He said it was important to get boys and girls to develop technical skills at a young age, instead of just kicking the ball around.
The event began in winter, 1986. We held the first national female pole vaulting match in Shantou city of Guangdong province from June 24th to July 13th, 1987.The best record of the match was 3.60 meters, which was mot only higher than the best record in Asian by 59 centimeters(The original best record of Asia was 3.01 meters which was set up by Japanese athlete.)
The Robot soccer system is a multi-agent system , as an independent agent, the robot should react to the environment changes of the match , while cooperate and negotiate with other robots in the same environment to fulfill the task of attack and defence , to gain the victory .
Earlier in the afternoon, U.S. medal hopes in short-track speedskating seemed to take a major blow when a crash took the team out of the men's 5,000-meter semifinal. Late in the 45-lap race, Eddy Alvarez tripped over a Korean skater's outstretched arm and tumbled to the ice. But after the race, officials deemed that Alvarez was illegally impeded and sent the U.S. into the Feb. 21 final.
The banner-waving, anthem-singing fans of Rio de Janeiros Flamengo club formed a billowing mass of ruby-and  black-clad humanity. They moved not only in reaction to the ebbs and flows on the field far below, but also to the samba beat pounded out by musicians in the midst of the grandstand mayhem around me and my friend Doug. The bands had not stopped playing, and fans had not stopped chanting, in the 18 minutes since the game began.
From originally being a real estate company, their owners saw what football could achieve in terms of strengthening their brand, and theyve now gone into other areas like entertainment and bottled water and cooking oil, Chris Atkins, a player agent in China, said. Other clubs have seen, too, the political and marketing gains that can be made by representing a certain city or province with a successful team. People talked about China next up being a steppingstone league, but theyve just skipped that phase.
In this paper,the movement of the vertical motion of tennis ball collided with the oscillatory table-board is explained,the mathematic equation and difference equation is procured and the corresponding programs are designed,the corresponding physical background visually with the picture is stated. In order to satisfy the need of students in classroom,the simulation system is designed. It's very active for studying and researching the motion of tennis ball.
Chinese volleyball teams have ever obtained prideful achievement. As we take a look back at the development of the sport, we found the key to success, which means combine the general principles of Marxist philosophy and the practice of training and competition, and increasing comprehension of the law of the development of the sport as well.
At first I introduce some design circs of pivotal control technique in soccer robot, such as path-programming methods, a fuzzy correcting controller used in warp for tracking a path, I solve the flaw of early goalie strategy through designing the forecast module based on the NN which forecasts the ball's position in the goalie module;
Earlier, one of the most emotional moments of the day came at the very beginning, when Jane Richard, 8, and her brother Henry, 12, helped lay a wreath for Martin, their brother, in front of the Forum restaurant, where one of the bombs had gone off. Jane, with her prosthetic leg visible below her dark skirt, briefly touched the wreath, and they stood quietly for a few moments before turning to their parents for hugs. At the tribute, Governor Patrick took note of the few degrees of separation among those at last years race. He said that Martin had carried a Deval Patrick campaign sign when Martin was only 2. Mayor Martin J. Walsh, who also spoke at the tribute, had been the boys Little League coach.
International pressure must be applied: The United States and its partners must hold Qatar to account in order to ensure that the prosperity that sports tournaments bring does not come at the price of workers lives. In Qatar, and across the gulf region, thousands of nameless migrants toil in the desert to provide their families with a modicum of opportunity. Yet they are treated as serfs rather than human beings.
It was described that during the period of socialist economic system transformation and under the current situation of the commercialization and professionalism of the sports development in the world, attention should be paid to giving play to the educational functions of the sports aesthetics. The study of the sports spiritual beauty should be strengthened. It was also pointed out that the Chinese aesthetics researchers should make great efforts to excavate the aesthetics values of the Chinese national traditional sport and contribute to enhancing the Chinese sports culture.
This technique requests the center forward to the position of the aggression and opportune moment,do a resolute choice,and at the mean time,it must be combined with other tactics,act according to circumstances the proceeding aggression,only have to then can guarantee to mistake like this the rate lower from but the war outs the opponent but win the game.
Technical statistics was carried out in the 5 matches between the HongYuan brigade of CuangDong and the Nan Gang brigade of JiangSu at the 2005 CBA total finals. Analyze and point out the influencing the game victory or defeat of important factor is two - point field goal percentage.
(Coulter fails to see that soccer is growing in popularity in the United States because the national team keeps getting better, Hispanics now make up 17 percent of the U.S. population, and America is getting globalized just like everywhere else. Americas core strength is constant reinvention, in part through immigration; soccers surge is no sign of weakness.)
The communication mechanism and reasoning process of soccer robots are studied by summing up the key techniques used during robot soccer match and analysing and comparing two major operating modes of soccer robot system:centralized control mode based on vision and semi_autonomous control based on vision using the Agent thinking.
This paper analysis the offect of lactate which is the main factor of 400 meter race ant the effect of phosphagen energy supplying system in put off the generation of fatigue ,aithough base on the practis ,the author propose that the speet training ought to be the main point of 400 meter training as well as speed endurance training.
Last December, the 32 nations were seeded and drawn into eight four-team groups. Each of those will unfold as a round robin or all-play-all contest, meaning that every nation is guaranteed three games. The top two teams from each group will advance to the round of 16. From there, the tournament works under a straight knockout format: Winner advances, loser goes home. One game, potentially decided in 30 minutes of extra time or in a penalty shootout. (This is when the global fingernail-biting habit starts to spike.)
By means of literature review,questionnaires and logical analysis,the authors have studied the measures of limitation of length and frequency of foreign aids' court time to improve local players' technical skills during 20042005 CBA season and believe that the adoption of the measures may have unfavorable latent effects on the development of CBA.
By using the method of system theory, the author analyzes the influence of changing the serving  rule on fast attack tactics. The result shows that with the changing of serving  rule, some structural defects are produced in the fast attack tactics system which is constructed on the base of old serving  rule and area between number 2 and 3 district to be heart of tactics.
Through the methods of statistics and comparison,it made a technical analysis of China Men's Wrestling Team par- ticipating in the 18th Asian Free Style Wrestling Championship. It aims at offering a scientific basis for China men's free style wrestling training to improve their sports level of free style wrestling rapidly.
The contemporary martial arts sport development should strengthen its education to spread to accept, promoting the localization of martial arts sport education, and isa corresponding a point of our race athletics the martial arts' internationalization, passing the culture of the traditional martial arts education can spread to form a passing bridge researching, technique and cultural study, in order to promote the traditional martial arts culture spread to accept extensively in the international society.
Still, Balentien can expect his share of skepticism over his performance this season. A scandal erupted earlier this season after the national Nippon Professional Baseball league admitted it had quietly juiced up the official ball for greater bounce off the bat. Players in Japan had unknowingly used the juiced ball in nearly 60 games, with home runs increasing by more than 40 percent from the previous year by the time the changes were revealed.
In this article,the author has made a research into the influence which "the new game system"brings on volleyball matches and put forward the idea that the new system will advantage the development of volleyball game. It is necessary for the volleyball players to improve technical and tactical training to fit the new system.
By the theory of RSR,analysis and evaluation were conducted on the Chinese male basketball player's competitive abilities according to their performances in the Stankovic Continental Champions Cup 2005.According to the apparent gaps of offensive and defensive ability between the Chinese team and other(excellent) western teams,the suggestion of further improving the competitive ability in Chinese team was given in this paper.
Liu first garnered attention in 2015 when she won a Pro Circuit title in Orlando, Fla., at 14, becoming the youngest woman to win a pro tournament since Anna Kournikova in 1996. Three months later, after turning 15, she reached the final round of qualifying at the United States Open.
With the development of the times,football skill s and tactics have been improving continuously,and they are recieving ever more  attention,at the same time the gap between countries in football-playing level  is narrowing and in respone,the heroic idea of winning only by individual member s of the team is undergoing changing,people have come to realize the importance  of tactics in football games.
He untroduces the reference evaluation standards adopted in the test of the 12 minute's running in the field of German and Brazilian sports and soccer and also discusses the problems in the test of the 12 minute's running and its application as a means of training control.
We can make some useful confusions according to the statistic researches of using application of the 12th men's Euro cup and 13th men's Asian cyp, for example ,first, the Euro cup and Asia cup decline as the two equal periods going, at the first 20 min of the two equal periods ,it has the most head-kicks.
The volleyball games, played in the middle of that international crisis, were probably intended to send a message, analysts said, as the North Koreans are aware that the nuclear test site is under intense scrutiny. But what meaning the North wanted the games to convey is unclear.
By looking up lots of documents and data combined with the writer's thinking, this paper concentrates on discussing the background and concrete contents of the new service rule, the influences on technique and tactics of table-tennis as well as the changes of the teaching, training and competition which are brought by the new service rule, finally puts forward corresponding countermesures.
A South Korean coach has been hired to cobble together a national team that many hope will someday be able to challenge its neighbors for bragging rights in South Asia and beyond. Bhutan has tried many times to win an international game but, except for a single victory in a three-on-three tournament, has never succeeded.
The essay comments the implications of culture , physical culture , and campus physical culture , makes a thorough introduction into the significance of the latter , analyzes the investigation on the situations in terms of city middle school campus physical culture construction in hebei province which are expressed in aspects such as its spiritual culture , material culture , order culture , the subject of its construction and physical activities , the carrier . on the basis of the investigation , the essay points out some concerning problems with a series of specific suggested solutions . meanwhile the essay makes a trial on the countermeasures of campus physical culture construction in theory
Cycling champion lance armstrong calls the ing new york city marathon " the hardest physical thing i ' ve ever done . " seven - time tour de france winner lance armstrong did what he wanted to do on november 5 ? run the ing new york city marathon in under three hours
An operator arrives at the host stadium with the network ' s video crew one or two days before game time and proceeds to digitally map the gridiron , calibrate the three main game cameras at the 25 , 50 and 25 yard lines , and customize the video - graphics software so that the golden apparition will appear on every play from scrimmage
This event , part of the greatest race on earth - with prize money worth more than us 1 million covering four marathons across four continents - has attracted some of the world s top runners from the usa , europe and africa . the event includes a full marathon , a half marathon and a 10 km run on courses that take participants past some of hong kong s most awesome scenery
Five straight league victories and a slump for leaders barcelona have raised real madrid ' s hopes that the tide is finally turning in their favour . real produced a storming , if ultimately futile , 4 - 0 victory over real zaragoza in the king ' s cup on tuesday after losing the first leg 6 - 1 , and they will take that spirit into this weekend ' s match against alaves
China came from behind to beat australia on winning their eighth afc women ' s asian cup yesterday . the victory marks the nation ' s return to winning ways after semi - final and final defeats to the democratic people ' s republic of korea dprk in 2001 and 2003
David beckham will leave real madrid at the end of the spanish season and sign a five - year deal for us side los angeles galaxy worth 1 million a week . " after discussing several options with my family and my advisors to either stay here in madrid or join other major british and european teams i have decided to join la galaxy and play in the major league soccer from august this year , " beckham told reporters
Li na became the first chinese woman to reach the us open last 16 with a stunning 4 - 6 6 - 0 6 - 0 victory over 2005 mary pierce on sunday . pierce looked on course for victory when she took the first set but 24th seed li won 12 games in a row to set up a possible
Security officials yesterday admitted they were concerned about the threat from eastern europe , especially poland . as many as 300 , 000 poles are expected to cross the border and officials have identified germany ' s group match against their neighbours in dortmund on june 14 as a potential flashpoint
The following problems exist in physical stamina training for basketball in china : the training is not adequately recognized and valued ideologically ; main characteristics of basketball sport are not grasped clearly ; training methods / means are simplified ; physical stamina training is disengaged from single sports events ; there is a lack of systemization in physical stamina training , etc
The following is issued on behalf of the equestrian company . the organising committee of the good luck beijing hksar 10th anniversary cup competition announced this august 10 evening that the equestrian events will start at 9 . 20am tomorrow with the dressage competition for the overseas horses
Shanghai , march 29 , 2007 the nba china games will return to china in october with three games featuring the orlando magic , the cleveland cavaliers and the china mens national team , it was announced today by the national basketball association , the chinese basketball association , the shanghai administration of sports and the macao china basketball association at a press conference in shanghai
A move for fernando torres , the spain forward , who vowed to stay at atl tico madrid this week , cannot be ruled out either , although ferguson did hint that he may start the season with the strikers he already has , while there are insufficient funds to entice both torres and mascherano
By referring to the experience of football winning countries overseas and analyzing the reality in china , the author concluded that the professional football competition supervision organization in china , which consists of national sports competition supervision committee , market management office of sports economy department of national sports administration , and football administration center , should implement horizontal management with key jobs respectively emphasized , and jointly carry out supervision and management on professional football competition in china , while the subordinate organizations and related personnel of the football administration center should establish a professional league tournament organization with a self - discipline function to perform its daily supervision duty on professional football competition in china
" after discussing several options with my family and my advisors to either stay here in madrid or join other major british and european teams i have decided to join la galaxy and play in the major league soccer ( mls ) from august this year , " beckham told reporters
Players at a romanian first division club will be forced to take lie detector tests after losing two matches . last week national bucharest surprisingly lost 1 - 0 at home against vaslui and 2 - 0 at jiul petrosani to dent their chances of playing in european competition next season
Roberto carlos is thought to be the best left in the world , his most famous shotting is the one against french in 1997 french cup , he used his famous left foot to shoot from 40m away , just like impossible , but the ball turned suddenly at the right of french wall , and flied away from french goalkeeper barthez into the gate
David beckham will visit every major league soccer city after his u . s . arrival in mid - july , and television viewers will see lots of him . the former england captain likely will make his mls debut aug . 5 at toronto , according to the mls schedule released tuesday . but he could don his galaxy shirt for the first time in late july when los angeles plays in the superliga , an eight - team exhibition event between mls and mexican clubs
According to the principles and methods of education evaluation , by consulting and arranging literature and materials concerned , the evaluation information attained was analyzed , expert questionnaires were established , and the results were analyzed statistically . thus , the  system and standards for physical education course evaluation in colleges and universities  was set up , which has provided standards for the future construction of physical education curriculum system in colleges and universities . based on the standards the differences in the construction of physical education curriculum can be found in time . and the department in charge is convenient to carry through the macro - arrangement and to make decisions , which is beneficial to the improvement of the teaching quality and to the construction of physical education curriculum . as a result , scientific gist has been provided for directors of colleges and universities to evaluate the courses in physical education departments
Liu ' s time of 12 . 88 seconds at the athletissima grand prix meeting was . 03 better than the record he matched in winning gold at the 2004 athens olympics . jackson ran 12 . 91 in stuttgart , germany , in august 1993 . dominique arnold of the united states was second in 12 . 90 , also faster than the previous record
Real produced a storming , if ultimately futile , 4 - 0 victory over real zaragoza in the king ' s cup on tuesday after losing the first leg 6 - 1 , and they will take that spirit into this weekend ' s match against alaves . " we ' ve proved that we are a competitive team and we are now more united too , " brazilian full back roberto carlos told marca on thursday
It shows that there is an increase in indexes of body build of elite basketball big forwards , that the world ' s elite basketball big forwards ' ball holding structures in positional attacks are more complex and various compared with chinese ones , whose ball holding structures are relatively simple and some ball holdings are not reasonable enough
But the basque side were plunged into chaos on thursday when outspoken club president dimitry piterman sacked coach juan carlos oliva after just a month at the helm . only two weeks ago barcelona were 12 points clear at the top of the table , but successive defeats against atletico madrid and second - placed valencia have cut the gap to six
The swing - up and balance movement of the horizontal bar gymnastic robot is great non - linear and complex with wide motive range . the control of the swing - up and balance motion of the horizontal bar gymnastic robot is a good test for the validity of control theories and control methods
The lavender - hued volleyball strip depicts the tense action as the setter positions the ball perfectly for the spiker to send her deadly shot into the opposite court . an equally exciting episode is captured in the cycling strip , set against a vibrant green background , as the cyclist manoeuvres a thrilling pass before pulling away to race across the finish line . the badminton set , which features a warm brown tone , captures four dramatic action shots during an intense game
The rules of the game is very simple , the player and the computer control of a round of frisbee . the two sides were only in their half - court activities , and the bottom line is a goal , the goal of the game frisbee . to the small screen , the ball sailed into the other goal in the allotted t
Everyone , including the guests we welcomed from the ottawa , london and windsor centers , had a great time joining in the activities : volleyball , soccer , kids games , a challenging walk through the forest , and swimming at a small , sandy beach near toronto . lively conversation and laughter prevailed everywhere . at the same time , the results of our meditative lifestyle were apparent in all of the activities
The player or pair serving first in a game shall receive first in the next game of the match and in the last possible game of a doubles match the pair due to receive next shall change their order of receiving when first one pair scores 5 points
This shows that the physical condition of the police does n ' t fit for the police work . so it is urgent to strengthen the police ' s physical training . after the analysis of the investigation of the various factors affecting the police physical training and the practice of the police work , this article put forward the method and measures of protecting and strengthening the police physical ability are put forward
This year , participants of the " mtr hong kong race walking 2007 " will see the top tier race walking athletes from china , malaysia , singapore , thailand and philippines as they will join the men ' s and woman ' s elite competitons in the " mtr hong kong race walking 2007 " event , givingthe opportunity for local race walking to share winning skills and techniques with overseas athletes
According to reports , ballack is not expected to be in contention for a place in the chelsea line - up until early november meaning that , should he have wanted him , manager jos mourinho could have picked ballack for the game against rosenborg in norway in late november or against valencia at stamford bridge in december
Liu xiang of china set a new 110 metres hurdles world record on a stunning night in lausanne , breaking the record he shared with britain ' s colin jackson . liu scorched to the finishing line in a time of 12 . 88 seconds , beating the old mark of 12 . 91 that he matched in winning gold at the 2004 athens olympics
Abstract : based on the literature of pe and experience of teaching andtraining practice , the writers put forward three suggestion : 1 . coaches must first understand clearly the nature of speed walking training . they must seek out the characteristics of speed walking . 2 . speed walking at high speed is the key to technical training due to the fact that the support of two feet disappears temporarily in race walking . 3 . improving pace frequency is the main factor in raising the results of speed walking
The paper analysis the request lift movements of spots aerobics between domestic and foreign mixed paris project of recent years with relevant material , video statistics etc , the author finds the main problems appeared in our country and give some advise to the project in future , it can also give some reference to the project of mixed pairs
In 1960 they staged an unlikely comeback when they beat athletic bilbao 8 - 0 after losing the first leg of their semi - final 3 - 0 , while most famously of all they steamrollered arch - rivals barcelona 11 - 1 in 1943 in the last 16 after losing 3 - 0 at les corts
By statistically analyzing the relevant materials of the basketball matches at the American NBA 20032004 games,the role and characteristics of big forwards during fast attack and at the inside or outside of position attack we rerevealed. Measures for fostering and training big forwards were put forward also.
Today was one of the best days of my life in opening my own museum, he wrote on Weibo, maintaining his ebullient tone. I couldnt of dreamed this dream for myself although God has created another miracle in this life for me. Without my teammates, coaches and fans from Beijing, this wouldnt be possible.
Taking the 1996 - 1997 China Men's League A Basketball as an example, by the means of analyzing materials, interviewing key figures and experiencing on the spot, the author worker out a circulating pattern to explain how the home-and-away system can stimulate the market of athletic contests.
Disparity of the men's volleyball teams of colleges and universities in Guangdong wasfound out and corresponsive improvement measures were raised by analysing and comparing various quota between the front four places of men's volleyball teams in Guangdong 4th College Games, the front four places of "Xinghua Cup" and the front four places of National College Games.
Mr. Parsons also contends with acne, a common issue for many athletes. 'We're sweating, we're bumping into each other, we're touching the basketball that everyone else is touching and then touching our face,' he says. 'You're definitely more prone to have bacteria break out on your face.' His array of face products includes Proactiv, the mail-order three-step system, a Neutrogena cleanser and an oil-free moisturizer.
Another 21 male students at an average age of (17.80.4) years in a teacher's class of a technical secondary school were taken as controls (control group), and they had never participated in any special training of physical education, and their weekly exercise time was less than 5 hours, and the main sports were football, running and routine class of physical education.
Before the queen arrived to play, a royal retinue rolled out a red carpet between the gyms entry and the basketball court. Beside the court, courtiers placed a chair covered in saffron silk and brought in an elaborately carved wooden table covered in more silk on which they placed chilled bottles of water. A clutch of women filtered in and whispered until the queen appeared carrying a Louis Vuitton purse and wearing a teal T-shirt, black tights and neon-pink Nike sneakers. She greeted the players cheerfully but quickly went out on the court, where the women split into well-remembered teams.
Lee Seung-hoon, another member of the strong South Korean skating team, won gold in the Vancouver Olympics in the 10,000 meters and silver in the 5,000 meters. Lee started as a short-track skater but switched to speed skating in 2009 when he failed to make the Korean short-track team. His main rivals include Sven Kramer of the Netherlands, who won gold in the 5,000 meters at the Vancouver Olympics.
Before the 1988 Olympics, Massimo Costantini, now the coach of the United States team, was playing for Italy in the European qualifying tournament when he encountered Ding Yi, a player who had moved from China to Austria. Costantini lost to Ding that day, and he remembered the other players, coaches and fans feeling bewildered about what had happened.
China will get a chance to test itself against South Korea on Sept. 1, in the first match of the final round on the road to the 2018 World Cup in Russia. China has won just once in 29 meetings with South Korea. The Korean coach, Uli Stielike, who is expecting a tough game, said it was not inevitable that China would become a continental powerhouse.
The dynamicchanges of RQ, HR, O2-pluse and BLa in an increasing exercise reveal that the elite sportsmen'saerobic and anaerobic capacities, cardiorespiratory function and BLa tolerance are all superior to thoseof the lower level athletes. The conclusion is that the Taekwondo athlete's level has a close bearing onhis aerobic and glycolytic capacities.
Shim Suk-hee is the youngest member of South Korea's team in Sochi but is a strong candidate for medals in short-track skating. The 17-year-old won three gold medals at the 2012 World Cup in Calgary and holds the 1,000-meter world record. Sochi is her first Olympics and she is tipped for success in the women's 500 meters, 1,000 meters and 1,500 meters, as well as the 3,000-meter relay.
We are being ambitious and aggressive to help grow a mass participation sport in China, Messick said. We are bullish on the continued emergence of the Chinese consumer. We are convinced that as average income continues to rise and more people move into the middle class, there will be more attention paid to health and recreation.
Why he might be the next Beckham Calvin Klein has tapped him as its underwear model for the World Cup, citing him as a future star in the same way it once discovered Kate Moss and Marky Mark. He looks really hot and sexy in it, said Kevin Carrigan, a Calvin Klein global creative director. Its quintessential Calvin.
In order to acquire the diving condition of springboard athlete from response curve, the movement of springboard under the impulsive force of athlete was analyzed, and then discrete wavelet was used to decompose the signal in this paper. Moreover, the algorithm of correlation based on time-frequency wavelet was improved to estimate the relative coefficients of similar signal in low frequency phase, which concentrated most energy, so the interference of high frequency was avoided.
Yohan Goutt Goncalves will represent the small and snow-starved Southeast Asian nation of East Timor in Sochi. Goutt Goncalves, 19 years old, will compete in the men's slalom. He grew up in France (his father is French and his mother is from East Timor) and first tried skiing in Val d'Isre when he was 2 years old, according to French media reports. 'Tomorrow is a big day for me, the biggest step towards my dream, I will be on my way to the Olympic Games in Sochi...I will be the flag holder of my country, my nation,' an entry on his Facebook page said Wednesday.
China can be strong if they have the right plan, but only if they have the right plan, Stielike said. I am not going to tell them what this is, but, sure, they have potential. The clubs have been spending money, but that is only one part.
Mr. Silver said Tuesday that Mr. Sterling was being barred from the league for his recent comments, but that the owners coming decision whether to force him to sell the Clippers would take into account his entire ownership tenure. Mr. Silver said the process to vote on forcing the sale of the team would begin immediately.
If youre not sure whether youre drinking too much or too little during exercise, try weighing yourself before and after a lengthy workout, experts advise. If you have lost more than about 3 or 4 percent of your body weight, youre probably flirting with dehydration and might want to drink a bit more next time. But if you have gained weight or your fingers seem swollen and your rings tight, youre most likely drinking too much and should moderate intake.
Formation rate of the injury of knee joint: 29% of the national masters of sports with chondromalacia patellae, 18% with injury of medial accessory ligament and 17% with injury of meniscus; 25% of the national second grade athletes with chondromalacia patellae, 21% with injury of medial accessory ligament and 15% with injury of meniscus.
By the time I became a pro, I wouldnt say I was happy about this, said Tsai, rail thin and all business. Most of the players come from poorer families, so the only thing they thought about was playing well so they would have a bargaining chip to get more money to help their families. It was a job.
Sung Eun-ryung started her sports career in track and field before moving to taekwondo. She only took up the luge in 2011 but was soon a member of the national team. She is the first South Korean woman to compete in a sledding event at the Olympics. Sung's goal for Sochi is to place in the top 20 in the singles and the top 10 in the team race.
The pro-Euro argument is that a lot more teams compete in the World Cup, including some from countries that have rarely done well at the international level. This can create too many lopsided games and possibly drag down the overall quality of the soccer. So while there have been many great games in the World Cup, the thinking goes, the standard of play has been lower on balance.
For example, coaches have to direct it according to the Event-group Training Theory or use or transplant technical training theory of other courses, for theory of trampoline technical training hasn't come into being. Rulers of the training haven't been known enough by coaches. They are lack of their own experiences and teaching experience of this training.
Applying the method of modeling (GM 1,1) of the gray control system, the model for predicting track & field results of each individual event at the 28th Olympic Games was established. Through modeling and comparative validation it was shown that since 1970s the modeling of track & field results according to the sequence of number reflect the basic trends of the track & field result development with good precision.
Through statistics of the applying ability of shooting technique in 45 male basketball competitions, author found that there are obvious differences among basketball teams not only in shooting ability under different conditions but also in shooting technique and consciousness of the over-the-rim shot,author also found that the times of the over-the-rim shot with single hand or with both hands respectively are 1  2 or 0  33 during each court.
When she finished her four-minute routine, she put her hands to her face in realization that she might win the gold medal. I realized I would be on the podium, but I didnt know which medal, Sotnikova said. When her score appeared on the scoreboard, she said, I really didnt believe my eyes, frankly speaking.
In addition, the organization should more stringently mandate education programs for coaches and athletes, covering topics like what is acceptable touching and what is not. When it comes to suspected sexual assault, reporting protocol must be well outlined and adhered to, and the consequence of noncompliance should be loss of membership.
The sustainable development of athletic contest and physical eduated trainin depends on overall elite of sports, whose culture and education plays an important part in fostering the excellent athlete. While the aquatic sport center of Fujian province can make a photo copy of the characterisitic of excellent athlete's culture and education.
Along with the European Cup, the American Cup and the Asian Cup of 2004 which are the highest level soccer matches in respective continent started in succession, it shows the highest level soccer matches of every continents respectively and it give us a good chance to compare the three continents' soccer matches.
On the basis of the statistical analysis of the relative factors, such as age, height, weight of top 31 male athletes and 31 female athletes renowned the worldwide and recognized by IAAF, some valuable data that are worth noticing when we train the athletes of our country to reach high level in athletics were got.
China has bolstered its performance in a wide range of sports at the international level, and it won more gold medals than any other country at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing. But the performance of its mens national soccer team has never lived up to the expectations of Chinese fans.
So I do all the things he has taught me to do before tipoff and once the ball is in the air my mind is at ease and my body is ready to play . I take it to the other team on both ends of the floor.
This paper makes a comprehensive analysis of the status quo and characteristic of CUBA league,through comparing the technical statistics of the 156 CUBA matches in 1998 season with those of CBAconventional mat    ches in 19971998 season and CWBA matches (first class) in 1998 season. It also put forward some suggestions on further development of CUBA for the promotion of Chinese basketball.
Vanessa Mae is a violinist and a British citizen, who is representing Thailand at the Winter Olympics in Sochi. She qualifies for the team because her biological father is from Thailand. She will compete in the slalom competition under the name Vanessa Vanakorn. In her record-breaking classical crossover music career - she shot to fame as child star - Mae has sold an estimated 10 million records. She is 35 years old. Mae, or Vanakorn, won't be the only person competing for Thailand in Sochi. Kanes Sucharitakul, who was educated at Cambridge University, England, is in the men's slalom and giant slalom.
The effect of naloxone on immune function was investigated in fencing athletes before and aftet a shortperiod of severe exercise. The results showed: 1. Before a 4000 meters run, the athletes were injected nalox-one intravenously the subgroups of T cell in peripheral blood changed as the follows: the percentage of CD_? ~+ells elevated and the ratio of CD_4~+/CD_8~+ declined.
"Popularize Gymnastics General Outline" and "Gymnastic Athletics 1 to 3 Grade General Outline " aim to encourage more people to utilize the gymnastics resources, and help people make a better understanding about gymnastics, thereby making gymnastic to serve better for people's exercise and promoting the popularization of gymnastics.
Eto'o and Xavi also are part of a unique class of veterans: Those who are poised to play at their fourth World Cup. Others in this prestigious grouping include Italy's Gianluigi Buffon, DaMarcus Beasley of the U.S., Germany's Miroslav Klose, and Mexico's Rafael Marquez, FIFA says.
Having studied the technique statistic data of CBA, CNBAand NBA respectively during the later two years, the author draw aconelusion that the weekness of our demastic leagues is mainlyconcentrated on assistance, dunk shot and defence, and the assistanceand defence in CNBA is better than in CBA.
Teaching of javelin throw is one of important courses of track & field in department of PE,but the teaching of studying javelin throw skill is the basic and main section of whole javelin throw skill,so its teaching quality influences on mastering the whole skill of javelin throw.
By statistical results of technical indicators such as attacks, block defend and strike back of Chinese team and the top 8 team of man volleyball match in the 10th World Cup, the author changes connection with IDC(identity - discrepancy - contrary), carries on the quantitative analysis of the technological state, and points out the disparity between Chinese men' s volleyball and other' s strong team in the world, and puts forward the corresponding suggestion in the view of the above.
The first time research reports of sports nutrition as symposium were presented at 2002 Pusan Asia Games sports science conference, indicating that sports nutrition is becoming important branch of sports science, great improvement were achieved in theory and practice, and exerting more and more important impact in exercise training and fitness.
With three items of the snatching-and-breaking ball, the rear court rebound and losing score as the key statistical indicators, it has made an analysis of the defense ability of Shandong Kingston men's basketball players in the host competition of Chinese Men's Basketball League A in the year of 2002-2003. It has been found that they are insufficient in the aspects of individual defense ability, team defense organization and coordination, and it has put forward some suggestions for them.
The result indicates that the Chinese team did achieve certain improvement in the Asian Championships, yet it still showed many problems such as the want of consciousness and techniques of striving for the ball, insufficient training of the outside players for rebound recovery and so on.
Based on the wind tunnel model test of Peking 2008 Olympic Game ping pong gymnasium and Quanzhou channel sport center gymnasium, the characteristics of mean wind pressure and fluctuating wind pressure on long-span roofs are studied in details and some common laws about wind pressure distribution are obtained.
This paper presents the thought how to improve the quality of defending action, defending consciousenss, body quality and the applicatian in the defending action with rationality so as to increase the individual denfending ability of the students and how to enhance the defending cooperation of 23 persons to establish the whole defending system of the ball team and how to increase the using of defending tactics with rationality so as to increase the whole defending abitity of students.
Based on documents and data,this article gives an analysis to benefits Beijing would receive when hosting the 2008 Olympic Games in the perspective of politics,economy,society,culture,science and technology. It also proposes that to ensure a sustainable development Beijing should draw on the experience from other host countries,try to improve global benefits,pay heed to such issues as the environmental protection,security as well as the utilization of sports courts and gyms after the conclusion of the Games.
In the perspective of sports physiology and the characteristics of endurance required by football sport, the paper presents a discussion of the scientific method of endurance training and primary factors affecting the training as well as the physiological essence of endurance so as to provide a theoretical basis to promote football sport in a scientific way.
Dr. Nassar abused me at the U.S. national training center in Texas, Ms. Dantzscher, whos now 34, said at Tuesdays hearing. He abused me in California at meets and all over the world. Many times the abuse took place in my own room and my own bed. Worse, he abused me in my hotel room in Sydney at the Olympic Games.
This paper analyzed the interrelation between players'average height,weight,and age of different positions in 2006 Germany World Cup Soccer match with the methods of document retrieval and statistics,and revealed the following findings: There is distinguished difference in the players of different positions in the height,weight,age and Kettler index,and the index of the goalkeeper is the highest.
EDMONTON, Alberta  China hosted the inaugural Womens World Cup in 1991 and put on the Cup again in 2007. It finished second to the United States at the 1996 Atlanta Olympics and in the 1999 World Cup. And its star forward at the time, Sun Wen, joined with the American Michelle Akers in being named the greatest female soccer players of the 20th century.
Athletes have appeared as themselves in movies before. Gary Cooper played Lou Gehrig in Pride of the Yankees but Babe Ruth played himself. Jackie Robinson starred in The Jackie Robinson Story, and the decathlete Bob Mathias in The Bob Mathias Story. At the very least, casting an athlete gives the sports action sequences verisimilitude.
Difference of the value of serum creatine kinase among the different standard weightlifting athletes after great iutensity exercise had been observed. Results indicated that the activity of the serum creatine kinase of theexcellent weightlifting athlete and the general weightlifting athlete all increased obviously after great intensity exercise. The activity of the serum crcatine kinase of excellent athletes is lower than that of the general athletes after intensity exercise, and the difference is significant.
Apart from news media attention, the North Koreans are not so different from any other skaters here at the Nebelhorn Trophy competition. Ms. Ryom and Mr. Kim are not being kept apart or ceaselessly trailed by minders, as has sometimes been the case for athletes from authoritarian nations. Ms. Ryom and Mr. Kim are staying in the same hotel as their competitors, and eating in the same restaurant. Like some others, they perform to Beatles music. After practice on Wednesday morning, they left the arena unchaperoned, presumably to catch a shuttle bus back to the hotel or to stroll the streets of this cozy Alpine village.
Considering the ubiquitous fear of the hurdle in the learners of hurdle race, the soft-bar hurdle was introduced in this teaching-assisting experiment, the results were as follows: the application of soft bar in teaching of hurdle race can overcome fear for hurdle race in students efficiently, improve studying interest and efficiency, and is beneficial for students to master hurdle race and to advance performance.
Using the ways of documentation and mathematical statistics,  authors of this paper have done a relevant analysis on the top seven results in men's 110-metre hurdle at the 1997 World Track and Field Tournament. This present study reveals the regular pattern and characteristics of speed changes in the whole process of the 110-metre hurdling. With comparison and analysis of results of excellent hurdlers in the world in the past four years and these of hurdlers in China.
By analyzing the status quo of PE teaching in colleges and universities,and expounding the characters and function of Chinese traditional sports,the author puts forward that we should attach great importance to the teaching of Chinese traditional sports items in the process of PE teaching reform in colleges and universities.
On the hasis of the of the last 10 meter run-up speed of such outstanding long jumpers as Bauer and Lewis etc,This paper concludes the run-up speed of the last 5 meter is faster than the first one which is the future long jump trainning tendency combmed whith guick jump up technique.
The thrown distance in throw event of track meet can be online accurately determined with a total  station and a computer. When a TC1700 total  station is used,the accuracy of3  42mm and reliability of 86  36% can be reached. The authors suggest that a total  station ,which standard accuracy of distance and angle measurement are better than 2mm+2ppm and 5 respectively,must be selected for this purpose.
On this paper, through the statistics of the madles in the complicated and performing sports items in the 1~27 th Olympic games,and the the analysis of the trend of the competition of the games,a conduction is thus reached as the following:1) the complicated and performing sports items,the medal-gains are mainly from Europ,Asia and America,and the Europeans are the majority. On the competitive gymnastics.
Analysis of the performances of the first six finishers in the men' s 4000m individual pursuit cycling competition at the 11th Asian Games showed that acceleration of speed began at the start of the race and reached the highest point at the end of the first lap, after which there was gradual deceleration until halfway through the course,when the riders began to pick up speed again.
The Olympic Games are internationalcomprehensive and mega sports events. The history of its volunteers date from the first Olympic Games in 1896 Since the 1980s,the activity of volunteer in Olympic Games has been absorbed by the working plan of the Olympics Committee,and the function of volunteers become more important.
The officials of the organizing committee of China University Basketball Association (CUBA), the coaches, judges and players participating in the CUBA league were visited and investigated by questionnaire. On this basis the number of play, the division of the number of the winning teams in the group and the ways of the total finals in the current CUBA competition system were discussed in order to create advantages for perfecting the competition system and for the better development of the China University Basketball Association.
Panama, a victor against Costa Rica, will be there for the first time  thanks, in part, to a goal that did not happen. It was such an auspicious occasion for the country that the next day was immediately declared a national holiday. The United States, beaten by Trinidad and Tobago, will not be there, the shining brilliance of Christian Pulisic not enough to prevent the country from missing its first finals since 1986.
Local World Cup officials have said that necessary projects would be finished by the time the tournament begins on June 12, and that all others would be completed by Dec. 31, when the state planning agency will be dismantled and Governor Barbosa leaves office. But the official line and local opinion are so contradictory that the two sides seem to inhabit two separate cities.
Based on the testing index of 10 meters coming-and-going run,standing long jump,tennis throw far,both legs jump in succession,crook before the seat body and balance beam of 3-6 years old in Shandong,the article gives an analysis on age,sex and characteristics in urban and rural areas for 3-6 years old,and announced the trends and laws of its natural change.
This text is by way of sports closely five congenital nature quotas of correlation with shoots: During simply reaction and the shoulder arm moves the stability, finger noumenon sense, intelligence and individuality. Making clear the potential mentality factor of his success on the body from high horizontal master sportsman level sportsman , the service is in the science selected material of sportsman to the analysis discussion one by one
The results indicate that the performance of special events for adolescent amateur medium-distance runners can be efficiently enhanced through increased strength training,and that it is as important to develop velocity strength of adolescent athletes as to keep a balanced development in their abilities of special events for strength training.
Through the analysis of the emergence and evolvement of boxing and Chinese boxing,it is proposed that boxing and Chinese boxing are both the training means to service the military at the beginning. They dropped out of military training and were taken their own development ways independently before the cold weaponry withdrew from history.
By analyzing the height, weight and Quitele Index of football athletes that joined Europe Cup, America Cup and Asian Cup in 2004, we can compare the body shape of the football athletes at different positions on the football court and open out its common rule. It can offer help for sports training and selectiong athlete.
The writer is by way of politicsThe economy reaches to propagate the state to await three planes and probes into against comparatively, Propose the tidal current of the whole world in adjusting our country physical culture developments proposal below the intermational large movement sports meet developing actuality.
Applying thd documentation and statistical analysis,the author analyzed the goal-time of the 64 matches of 32 teams in the 17th World Cup 2002 and 144 matches of 32 teams in the Euro Champion League 2002. The result shows that in the matches,the goals in the second half is more than in the first half,and out of the 6 goal-time,7690?
Through explicating the characteristics of modern six  person volleyball home and away competition,this author probed the division of Chinese six  person volleyballs annual training cycle,three basic training models and the set  up of competition goal,role  orientation,motive control and adjustment and physical orientation under the condition of home and away system.
By observing and analysing the conditions of the Chinese team starting attack from defence at the competition of Group A of the 10 strong Asian teams at the qualification match of  '93 Football World Cup, the author indicates that the Chinese Football Team still has a long way to go compared with the strong European teams. The cause of the powerless attack of the Chinese team has been found, which is a good reference for the training in the future.
Asked on Fox News if athletes from the United States would be able to compete, Ms. Haley said: Theres an open question. I have not heard anything about that, but I do know in the talks that we have  whether its Jerusalem or North Korea  its about, how do we protect the U.S. citizens in the area?
Nowadays in the women Basketball Matches, the big forward of the world womerf s Basketball Team not only bears the task of exterior line offensive and organized cooperation, but also of the interior line underbasket offensive, the organization of starting the second offensive after frontcourt rebound the launching of a fast offensive after the back-court rebound and of the follow-up shot.
This paper introduced a new pulling technique-Wave Action,which was created by the coach of Mike Baroman who was the world record creator of 200-meter frog swimming. The paper considered that the new technique of wave action raised the forward momentum and was the key for Baroman's creating the new record.
The pelvic blood flow graphs of 124 female weightlifters taking part in the National Women Weightlifting Championship held in May,1989 in Taiyuan were tested and analyzed before and after the competition. The results indicated thatweightlifting training could not do any harm to the function of pelvic organ of female weightlifters,and breath holding pulland sharp increase of abdominal pressure resulted in the relative decrease of pelvic blood flow,which was the characteristicof weightlifting event for female weightlifters.
After the investigation to the training motivation of the students in Guizhou Sports School,the article analyses the special motivation levels and the comparison was made between boy students and girl students. The result shows that the training motivation levels of sportsmen are much higher than that of sportswomen.
This study conducted the tests statistics and treatments of the injury status of 23 athletes of the National Team from 2002 to 2004.Lumbar disc herniation can be seen as a kind of disease which has a higher injury occurrence rate in the event of canoe slalom.
But sports isnt a small industry anymore. Playing the games and charging people to see them now constitutes only a fraction of the business. Franchises run gourmet restaurants and concert venues these days, and entire streets of retail outlets. They service fans in distant cities through audio and video streaming and proprietary content. Those owners who want to personally dictate everything down to the color of the underwear, as Stevens puts it, can find themselves at a competitive disadvantage. Its very hard when someone has had great success in another business  the fish-delivery business, the box-cutting business, Guber says. And then you come into this because I want to buy a sports team, and I know how to run a business. That just isnt a formula for great success in todays world.
Building a tennis power and all round development as the long-term goal, taking the 2008 Olympic games as the critical point and better score of "Four Opens"and as the short-term goal, we can divide the process of improving Chinese tennis women's double into three parts, "search and breakthrough", "challenges and onrush", "base and climax".
As staff of the Chinese Football Association,a social organization,football judges have power from the contract rather than from the country. This is decided by the Olympic attempt to be independent of the law and the inner needs of sports,recognized by law of most countries including China.
Guangzhou Evergrande could be described as the team that changed the market in 2011, when it signed the Argentine midfielder Daro Conca from the Rio de Janeiro club Fluminense and made him, at the time, the third-highest-paid player in the world behind Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi.
In world scope in the middle of present basketball rule, what is big to the basketball movement development influence is FIBA (international basketball federation) and NBA (American entire America basketball association) two sets of rules, The FIBA rule has the global guidance and the mobility character, it in urges the basketball movement again in the world scope popularization; The NBA rule has very strong athletics appreciation and the commercial character.
Analyzing the statistics,we can draw the conclusion that the scoring ability was lower than that of other teams,the total achievement rate in catching and the struck ball are also lower than those of  the other participants and deficient in the front three locations,especially it is weak in the struck of the forth location.
By analysing the situation of the Chinese women volleyball team in the olympic games,this essay reveals the 5 situations and 11 results taken place during the third game,which affect the winning or losing of the whole game greatly; among them, psychological factor plays the leading role, it illustrates the importance of psychological training in volleyball games.
From the current condition of Youngsters' frail mind,and the functions ofsport competition,this paper mainly deals with the topic that we should devote ma-jor efforts to develop intense sports competition in colleges and universities,in orderto cultivate indomitable personality and healthful mind of colleges students, con-fronting all kinds of frustration.
The speed curve of hip joint of the excellent athletes has two wave crests in speed changing of very joint angle of sway leg, the trend of joint speed changing about hip and knee is ordinary-faster-fast, the biggest speed of ankle appear before touching target and not when touching;
This article set forth the distinguishing feature of the authors and their theses in the First Athletic Science Congress which was an academic conference with varied sukjects and higher levels. It is sure that this congress will give an impetus to the development of competitive and public sports.
In this text, contact with combinative both exercise the trend with the difference concerning training the aspect the proceeding , hoping of flat-out power that the technique ascend to exsit, primarily aim at the long jump with the training of the triple jump athlete can have the help to the two sport.
We should be able to showcase our sport on the big jumps, said Devin Logan of the United States, who won a silver medal in ski slopestyle. Logan said she prefers the bigger jumps because they give her more time in the air to perform her tricks, though she appreciates the option that the smaller jumps provide in poor weather or snow conditions. But peer pressure can be an issue, she said.
Li's final time was 45.263 seconds. The gap to second turned out to be nearly six seconds, which is colossal in an event often decided by thousandths. But frequent crashes at speeds greater than 35 miles an hour add a degree of randomness to short-track skating that turns it into the Nascar of the Olympics.
Through the observation and as per statisics of "time" and "angle" of three supports and stretching arms sideward to cross movements in the rmg section of kunm-ing National Gymnastics champiohship competition guestions appearing in the supporting and stretching arms sideward to cross movemethods of rings are analysed ,and proposals of how to improve the quality of "time" and "angle" in rings traiming hove been put forward.
Things have changed a lot since the 1980s, when fights between opposing fan groups were common, said Bernardo Buarque de Hollanda, a professor at the Fundao Getlio Vargas who studies the social history of sport and specializes in the highly organized fan groups, or torcidas organizadas, that dominate the grandstands. Instead of spontaneous violence, it was premeditated, he said. By the 1990s stadiums began to separate fan bases for all games, although that sometimes just resulted in moving fights outside the stadium. Since then, a 2003 federal law made leagues and clubs legally responsible for fan safety, and was strengthened in 2010 to make the torcidas and their leaders criminally responsible for member actions within five kilometers of the stadium. State laws now prohibit alcohol sales (though those will be temporarily lifted for the World Cup).
METHODS:7 male judo players in Guangdong judo team were studied during their 3 days altitude training (Kunming, 1891m) and their Hb, CK, BUN, BLA, serum testosterone (T), corticoids(C), and T/C ratio before and after altitude training were measured and were compared with those before and after their normal training.
The most serious injury so far was to Maria Komissarova of Russia, who fractured her spine during training for ski cross. The course is longer and has larger jumps than ever before. To add to the excitement, it also has room for six racers, where previous Olympics ran heats of four.
To have success, however, both teams will have to stop Guangzhou Evergrande from winning a seventh successive Super League title. Evergrande, a conglomerate that started out in property development, took control of the club in 2010 and became the first to invest heavily in foreign talent when it made the Argentine Daro Conca the third-highest-paid player in the world in July 2011.
The Chinese sports industry is developing, Gao Hongbo, the national team coach, said in March as China progressed to the final round of qualification for the 2018 World Cup, ending a run of three successive failed attempts to reach that stage. The Chinese government, including the sports and education ministries, support football more and are paying attention to youth development. If we continue like this, China will become very strong.
Through using the standard test software of BTL-QZ-V1.1 on temperament type,this paper measures 107 pistol shooters and rifle shooters on characteristics of nerve system or temperament type. Several conclusions have been drawn as follows:1)It showed significant difference in flexibility of nerve system among pistol shooters with varied age,that is to say,with the skill improved,flexibility decreased,especially between international masters and other athletes;
ALEXANDRIA, Va.  A lone gunman who was reportedly distraught over President Donald Trumps election opened fire on Republican members of the congressional baseball team at a practice field in this Washington suburb Wednesday, using a rifle to shower the field with bullets that struck five people, including Rep. Steve Scalise, the majority whip of the House of Representatives.
Zhang Xiang Sheng is a famous weight athlete of china,who won the world champion of weight in 1995 and got the silver medal in the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games,The author has  analyzed the materials about physical conformaton and function at his early stage and found out some features for weight training he had at his early stage was young.
AIM: To sort out the data on Liu Xiang's results in 110-metre hurdle race from March 2003 to September 2005, compare with the results of famous athletes all over the world, and analyze each one's feature of leaping over the hurdles, thus discussing the training method and psychological superiority which suit their own character, as well as predicting the new tendency of 110-meter hurdle training.
The fifth chapter analyzes the countermeasures of Wuhan sport industry, puts forward Wuhan should attach importance to big sport matches pulling effects for city sports industry, fully understand school sport and community sport are development foundation of the sport industry, adjust community sport space and behavior space, put public leisure sport space and commerce leisure sport space under consideration, control and lead the planning of sport facilities, and reasonable plan under the foundation, contribute to the city construction and people exercises of Wuhan .
Still, it would surprise no one if the retesting of urine samples from Rio led to the stripping of medals in coming years. Anthony Rigney, 33, a teacher, said he had seen a meme online: I cant wait until 2024 to see who won the gold in Rio.
Belle Brockhoff has been selected in Australia's snowboard cross team. This is her first Olympics, though her family has history with the event as her uncle, Peter Brockhoff, skied in the 1960 and 1964 Olympics. The 21-year-old, who is gay, says she has been working for Athlete Ally, an organization that aims to make sports inclusive for everyone. The organization has said athletes at Sochi have a unique opportunity to draw attention to Russia's antigay laws.
In order to study the relationships between the anaerobic capacity and maximum lactate value, heart rate (HR) recovery rate and lactic acid (LA) clearance rate, this study measured the blood lactic acid (BLA) concentration, LA clearance rate and HR recovery rate of middle-distance runners, footballers and normal persons after an endeavored 800m running.
On Facebook, the former N.B.A. All-Star Marques Johnson, a television analyst for the Bucks, described an encounter he had on Monday night with DeMarcus Cousins, the Kings All-Star center, who objected to the shirts: I walk into the building, and DeMarcus Cousins calls me over to an animated discussion hes having with Kings operations people. He ask me, Olskool, what you think about this T-shirt? Told him a little insensitive on 1st day of Black History Month. They pulled the shirts. ...
Results shows that the technique can improve evidently one's step movement frequency,accurate rate of footwork movement and successful rate of pivot attack,and is contributed to changing the competitive rhythm,freeing oneself from opponent's threat of attacking middle zone of the table,increasing forehand's control range and the technical and tactical change,improving the competitive achievement.
Through a statistical analysis of the results of this championship,the author tries to study the different levels of various teams and problems brought forward by the new rules and put forward corresponding countermeasures in order to offer references for the strategic development of the acrobatic gymnastics in China.
I posited, given the global focus of our universities and given that athletics is meant to act as the front porch, does it make sense for us to pursue international conference athletics activities to help promote the broader agenda the universities have? Scott said. And there was a resounding yes.
The authors analyzed and pondered game hosting concep-tions for Guangzhou Asia Games 2010 systematically,established basic criteria and basic ideas of game hosting conceptions for Guangzhou to host the 16th Asia Games in 2010,and put forward basic expressions of Asia Games hosting conceptions,so as to provide a certain reference for clarifying Asia Games hosting ideas.
By Long-term follow-up investigation of 36 Chinese excellent female javeliners on the composition of the specialized physical quality, reasonable ways of properly developing the specialized physical fitness in high-level feminine javelin throwers are found out, and powerful referential proofs for the selection of measures and methods in the practice training are provided.
And youll always have to be ready for the unexpected: Engenho, the very stadium where Doug and I watched the Flamengo-Fluminense game, was closed last month for structural repairs. And there have been other black eyes for the country as it ramps up to the Cup. At the end of last month, an American woman was abducted and gang-raped in the popular Rio district of Copacabana. Police had to use tear gas recently after fans clashed when tickets ran out for the inaugural match of the new World Cup stadium in Salvador. (Six people reportedly sustained minor injuries.) As is often the case with travel in developing countries, things can be less predictable and more chaotic than you may be used to at home.
Sotnikova has been known to falter in the long program, unable to control her emotions, but she was assured at the Olympics. While Sotnikovas skating is not as aesthetically pleasing as Kims, her athletic style checks off every box and does everything the judges are looking for, said Scott Hamilton, the 1984 Olympic champion.
Since the success of application for organizing the Olympic Games of our country, the function of sports is approved of constantly by people. Sports consumption as a part of daily consumption, with the increasing of the lasting growth and people leisure of national economy, become the new-type point of growth of economic development of our country gradually.
The result of study shows: The Inner Mongol marathon sport development strategy is it pay attention to " the whole luck slightly joins in a battle " overly to make, the source channel of the funds is single, the sports team manages and lacks the scientific process, it is not enough for mass marathon sports to popularize.
More than ten years' practice has proved that high level sports teams of ordinary colleges and universities play an active and effective promoting role in the process of all -round development and construction in higher education. They have completely realized the original intention and goal of building up high level sports teams in colleges and universities.
Using Correlation and regression analysis, the relationship of section velocity at thet 10 meter runnins-up of long jump and performance was discussed in this paper, Moreover,the author estabdshed a forecasting form of section velocity of final 5 meter running-up and long jump result. Thus providing theory basis for triproving section velocity of final 10 metet running -up of chinese men long jumpers.
It was my parents' idea. David was 12 at the time-painfully shy, socially awkward, owner of few friends. Mom and Dad thought joining a team might prove beneficial. So they enlisted him in the Mahopac Sports Association with hopes that the fresh air and the green grass and running and kicking and laughing would instill confidence and happiness.
Therefore , great emphasis, predicted on strict management, should be placed to improve the power of cadres' and coaches' character, the influence of good examples, and the fortress-like effects of the Party and the League, so as to provide the sports teams with spiritual motivation to struggle in the 10th National Games.
Researching and analysis on the competition characteristic of Jiangsu Province in Nation Games with the methods of documentation and mathematical statistical, The results indicated: the track and field of Jiangsu obtained the historic breakthrough in the 10th nation games; 200-meter, 20 kilometer walking, 4100 race, 100-meter, shot-put, 4400 race, 110-meter hurdle, long-jump, marathon, high-jump and javelin are the advantage events;
Through analyses of the 182 shots in the 16th World Cup Soccer Match of 1998, particularly in such different aspects as kicking methods and shooting directions. This paper makes researches on the bend of goal-shooting skills in soccer matches in different countries of the current world, so as to guide the future training of goal-shootings soccer matches.
Through the analysis and comparison of Yao Ming's technical statistics and his performance in NBA during the 20022003 season, this paper makes an objective evaluation of Yao Ming's competitive ability and his characteristics when playing with the world renowned centers and provides some suggestions on his development.
Atmosphere is critical to any World Cup. Much of that comes from visiting fans decked out in everything from the sombreros of Mexican fans to the kilts of Scotland's traveling Tartan Army. But the host nation plays a big part as well. The streets of Italian cities were a sea of green, white and red in 1990, and it was hard to find a car or cafe in South Africa without a flag four years ago.
The 2012 Euros had 742 successful passes per game, 10 percent more than the 2014 World Cups 666. When it comes to successful final-third passes, the Euros 188 was 18 percent higher than the World Cups 153. The Euros margin of victory in 2012 was 1.23 goals, or 16 percent narrower than 1.42 goals for the 2014 World Cup. The only yardstick that the World Cup did better on was goals, with the 2014 competition notching 2.63 goals per game, against 2.45 for the 2012 Euros.
Through training prance,combining with the statistics in the 1995 National Handball Championship the causes of the players' technical misplay was analyzed. It was suggested that misplay was one ofthe factors that directly influenced win or loss of a match as well as technique and tactics to be brought intonormal play.
This paper elaborated cultural origin of sport and Ancient Greece, cultural quintessence of Olympic Games, privilege spirit of Olympic Games, life spirit of sport and the relationship between sport and social moral. In the final, the idea why we applied the Olympic Games and the implementing of Olympic cultural project were analyzed and discussed.
By using the method of observation and statistics,this paper analyzes 63 matches on the final stage of the 16th world cup,reveals the general feature of corner  kick attacking tactics. The main purpose is to provide the reference material for our high level team's training and match.
The result show that the one of the key of the Chinese Women Volleyball Team to win lied in quick and variable tactics and the better rate of defense ,and the attack of Chinese Women Team on the second and forth positions is better than other 11 foreign Team. But more weak than the forth team on second and forth positions and back-row.
Through the means of on-the-spot observation and export interview, this paper analyzed the movement types, the stability of landing, the movement accomplishment and so on in the men's horse - vaulting competition at the 5th National Games, found out the superiorities and shortcomings of the horse-vaulting item of the young gymnastics athletes in our country and put forward corresponding countermeasures in the end.
METHODS:21excellent female sprinter(100-400 m) and 10 female middle  distance runners(800-1 500 m) participated in the prospective study,in which the 3 group tests including the maximum aerobic capacity measured by MAX  1 gas metabolic analyzer and the modified Wingate anaerobic test was finished on the Monark 839E power machine.
By the method of recording the image at a high speed,the kinematic character of the takeoff of the 10 elite women pole vaulters in China who have taken part in the National Title Match of Track and Field-the match of choosing athletes for Olympic Games is syudied. Its kinematic character is revealed by the angle between the pole and the ground,the distance between the grasping point of the upper hand and the point of takeoff and the changing value of speed when taking off.
The author analyzes the various types of techniques of Wang ZhiZhi and Yao Ming in the   2000-2001CBA finals through video statistics and mathematical statistics, which shows that Wang is better than Yao in winning points and more stable in the playing, and Yao is superior to Wang in defense and attack under the basket.
A statistic analysis is made in perspective of rule breaking is Zhang Gong Cup" national speed walking,champion in 2000 and contvastive is made in rule breaking between past and now.The solusion to the problems in the techniques will be looked forward.In the peper in order that our counrty will make greater achievement in internatinal competitions.
Then, of course, there are the concerns about how many more millions will be spent on cost overruns, not to mention what will happen to the stadium once the four World Cup games scheduled to be played here next year are completed. (One recent proposal suggested that the stadium could be converted to a prison.)
By using methods of documentation and logic analysis,this article analyzes the metabolic reaction of the sprint sport,which indicates the importance of the creatine phosphate in the energy formation in maximal exercise. In order to complement the hepatin consumption of the muscles,the meals containing high carbohydrate should be given.
Results:Obvious difference of exercise time limits of special item between excellent group and ordinary group. The time limits for master sportsmen is about 6.201.48 years while that for one-class free fighting athletes is about 4.551.87 years and that for two-class free fighting athletes is about 2.840.90 years.
I had spent 90 minutes in a gym crammed with 10 Ping-Pong tables and assorted players, all coaxing and smacking a little ball over the net. By 9 p.m., I was exhilarated, depleted, triumphant. I had beaten two young men half my age and lost battles against worthy opponents. To a casual observer, the night was unremarkable. To me, it was a miracle.
This paper analyzed the data of trampoline-single finals held in Sydney Olympic Games September, in 2000 and in Guangzhou National Championship October, in 2000. The results indicated that the ability of pre-jump, the steadiness and difficulty of the technique in Chinese sporters have been increased obviously and the differences compared with the level of world have been reduced gradually.
This article utilizes the method of literature material, investigation and so on to analysize the modern Olympic Games competition pattern development and the evolution. It summarizes several malpractices of the existing modern Olympic Games competition pattern which did not coordinate with the time development  and proposes Olympic Games competition pattern transformation potential in the inevitable viewpoint.
they were in the neighborhood of the price of television broadcast right,but the television broadcast right of Athens Olympic Games was sold and bought very well,while the company which is gained television broadcast right of World Cup of FIFA fell into trouble,the key reason of which is lacked the support of the American market;
Their physical stamina exercise was assessed with the standard of physical fitness measurement for 3 to 6-year-old children in Beijing city, including body height, body mass, pulse, 10 m  2 shuttle running, standing long jump, softball throw, continuous long jump with both feet, walking on balance beam, continuous jump in a circle with single foot.
Several methods such as literature collection,comparison and mathematical statistics were adopted to analyze the statistics involved in the 9th Women's Volleyball World Cup in 2003,and the result shows that the winning factors for Chinese Team lie in the fact that(1) Chinese team is more dominant in service and counter attack,and keeps with the world level in blocking and first attack;
The article investigated ankle joints injuries of 134 professional football players from 8 China series A professional football clubs, such as Shaanxi Guoli, Shandong Luneng, Beijing Handai, Shenzhen Jianlibao, Qindao Okmar, and analyzed the main factors which caused ankle joints injury and the extend of injury of male professional footballers in China, and some proposals and measures was given to prevent ankle joint's injury based on results of investigation.
I think those are conversations we are going to have to have, but what have we always said? We dont ever fear anything, we live our lives, Ms. Haley said. What we will do is make sure that were taking every precaution possible to make sure that theyre safe and to know everything thats going on around them.
When applying to be the host of the Olympic Games, Beijing solemnly promised that the 2008 Olympic Games would be a pageant that carries forward the Olympic spirits, promotes the world peace, and enhances friendship between the people of all nations, it will display to the world a new Beijing that is full of the spirit of traditional Chinese culture as well as modern vitality, that is to say, there will be a session of harmonious Olympic Games.
Major theoretical viewpoints on environmental studies, the integrated use of athletic kinematics, and sports training, sports psychology, sociology research related to the impact of the level of competition in colleges and universities athletes even environmental factors play in arenas intensive research, summed up the three-limiting factors : Coaches of the ship command and tactical decision-making capacity, the mental capacity of athletes and spectators effect.
Its reason is various, But CUBA unreasonable but creates because of the  regulations formulation lives the source quality not to be ideal affects the main reason directly which  the CUBA league tournament level enhances, The low level league tournament is similarly very  difficult to attract the top athlete to ally, This article proposes own view on this question.
Through comparative analysis on height , weight and age from WCBA and WNBA players in 2002-2003 , the author finds out that the height of forward and central forward from WCBA is lower than that of WNBA . The age and weight from CBA players is lower than WNBA .
Before 2010, many people, including some government officials, wanted to upgrade a stadium in Athlone, a working-class neighborhood of mostly colored, or mixed-race, residents. They believed the investments in transport, security and economic infrastructure that would come from hosting World Cup matches in Athlone would reduce inequality.
Take the National League Volleyball Tournaments in 1998-1999 and the World Cup in 1999 for examples,the essay analyse the effect of the new rules and regulations on the first attack,defend and counter attack,and serving a ball,as well as the function and guiding ideology of serving a ball under the new rules and regulations.
It was carried out that the on-the-spot diagnosis on Pu Lingtang' s walking techniqueswhen he was breaking the world record of the male  20000 meter walking at the National WalkingChampionship in Beijing Olympic Sports Center by the scientific group of the State Commission of Physical Culture & Sports of PR China for walking events in April 7, 1994. A series of biomechaniealmeasurement and analysis methods were employed and the more accurate data of technical diagnosiswere also achieved.
But while Ji Cheng, the man on the Giant Shimano team who chases down breakaways so that Kittel can do his work, was less of an attraction, he does hold two distinctions. He is the Lanterne Rouge, the rider in the last position over all, 4 hours 13 minutes behind the leader, Vincenzo Nibali. And he is the first Chinese rider ever in the race.
Through consulting a large number of document materials and after testing the body shape of the elite young middle distance runners,it got the models of body shape of elite young middle distance runners in Heilongjiang,made use of the software of SPSS to analyze each test index result and the relativity of performance materials of middle distance runners. In the end,it set the key index of selecting materials of middle distance runners.
The t Inner Mongol team athlete pays attention to the study of cultural knowledge and special theory, development prospect trained to oneself is full of confidence, striving direction and goal are relatively clear, but it is too less in number of times to participate in the marathon race every year, there is obviously partial and little service life to train specially, it is not high to meet achievement and industrialgrade, living benefits, training the condition to be relatively bad.
Through Statistical analysis on the performance achieved by the top 8 athletes from 458 female athletes of 100 m,200 m,400 m,800 m semifinal and final in the 7    th   world track and field championship,the author obtains the fatigue coefficient of world leading female athletes in 200 m,400m,800m race,which attribute to setting the quantitative goal for the reference of the top female athletes in our country in training and competition.
In numerous sports, fencing is important sport for Chinese team to win medals in ATHENS 2004 and BeiJing 2008 Olympic Games. To help coaches of fencing team coach more scientifically and help athletes improve match grade, we researched a software named "Fencing Training Burthen Computer Analysis System".
This article find main body quality factors of the top high  jumpers in the world,which effect high  jumper's performance by analyzing on gray correlatives between the body quality of the top High  jumper in the world and performance of the high  jumpers  The author put forward the relative suggestions in the exercise of high  jumper's body quality
Through presenting the annotation and value orientation of the Olympic spirit and the sport spirit in campus,this paper points out that the sport spirit in campus should focus on the principles of enterprising spirit, fairness, harmonious development, moral norms and globalization, absorb and take in the contents of Olympic spirit.
Exploiting the long jump technique parameter and treading strength in the planting step-time curve,and analyzing the kinematics and dynainics reasons for the loss of approach velocity,taking-off rapid supporting and stretching in the generating mechanism of vertical velocity during long jump take-off,the essay puts forward a new view of generating vertical velocity and offers a new thought for creating training of long jump.
The statistics and the analysis of the skill of dropping the ball of the second passer in three world competitions in which the world female volleyball teams joined in 2005,Indicating the skill of dropping the ball of the second passer is very practical,and it is one of the important means of scoring in a volleyball match.
500 m performance of gig athletes detected by the ergometer, and 100 m and 200 m full-speed running performance of track & field athletes at luteal phase were superior to those at follicular phase, but no significant difference was found in 2000 m performance of gig athletes.
Although Spain, Portugal and Italy have not impressed anyone in the tournament, voters are counting on players from those three to carry the new 'EU Dream Team.' Despite losing their first two games in stunning fashion, Sergio Ramos and Andrea Iniesta from Spain were picked. Italy, who needs a tie or a win against Uruguay to advance, has the most players with three.
Military pentathlon is a kind of international military competition organized by the International Military Sports Council (CISM). Military pentathlon is a polyathletic sport competition consisting of 5 parts, orderly shooting with standard rifle, obstacle-run, obstacle-swimming, throwing of standard projectiles and cross-country. The sport competition is organized exclusively for the servicemen.
In order to understand the middle school studen' s level of soft vollyball, looks for out some characteristics of soft vollyball match with middle school student' s and influences factor and problem existence, and provide theory basis of correlation for soft vollyball being carryed out at middle school, the article analysed techniques application of 16 matches in the 1st Middle school students softvollyball match of Guangdong Province, by way of the field statistics and comparative analysis.
Basing on the advanced scientific methodology and the use of sophisticated equipments, experimental and theoretical studies on the 3-dimensional reaction forces to the high jump, broad jump and swim athletes of theSWJU student teams are conducted, leading to suggestions on technical diagnosis as well as training guidelines.
Its pretty simple. he said. The N.B.A. is man to man. In China, you can play box and one, triangle. The defense is harder. Youve got to know how to score. If guys cant score but are great shot blockers, they can make it in the N.B.A. In China, youve got to put it in the hole. And Marbury can certainly do that, averaging 21.4 points a game last season.
Using the method of literature, the present paper has shed light on the theories of Wushu culture and education: one is that the process of civilization of ancient and modern Wushu has its own developmental law and tendency, and now stays in the stage of transcendence, that is to say, transcending from the internationalized Wushu athletics up to   the Olympic Wushu athletics;
It is both a chance and challenge for Guangzhou to host the 2010 Asian Games. In order to evaluate the status quo of the sports facilities in Guangzhou,and to realize the proposal of humannism,technological and green games and also to in accordance with the requirements of the games and the realities in Guangzhou,we should take into consideration the relationship between the present construction and further development,the relationship between sports requirement and the popular needs,and the sustainability of sports industry.
The author points out that Chinas mens team had no clear improvement in scoring competence and efficiency, which is shown in its relatively lower ratio of scoring and successful offense, a downward tendency in its offensive speed and a lack of appropriateness in the offensive strategy employment.
On the base of renewing the development of three-shot,after analyzing the data of three-shot in the 2000-2001 season in CUBA and comparing with CBA and the world powerful teams,we could make the conclusion as follows : Three-shot plays an important role for the individual and team score as well as final result of team in CUBA. But there is the phenomenon of low level in hit rate and unsteady in application and lack of excellent athletes.
According as summarizing the history and present situation of domestic and overseas consumption of tennis ball, and analyzing the increasing rate of GDP, the level of economy development, the ascendant humanistic and geographical condition and the profound groundwork of tennis ball culture in Chengdu, the article forecasts that the development foreground of consumption market of tennis ball is all right.
This paper analyzed the competition results of athletics in University Games between 20002006 in Xinjiang. The main purpose was to make orientation on the level of athletics in colleges in Xinjiang, point out the influence of Islam culture and new curriculum reform on athletic events in colleges in Xinjiang.
According to the present speed strength study re sults,the authors investigated some college basketball teaching and research sec tions in Henan and Hubei and analysed the staistics data of the leg speed streng th training of male basketball players so as to provide scientific training meth ods.
According to the Olympic strategy, the competition system was reformed so as to improve the athletes' training level and their competitive expression. The adjustment of the coach structure was realized reasonably. Through introducing talented personnel the expanding of the first resource was realized, so that the improvement of the individual abilities of the coaches was accelerated.
Though analyses of monitoring bulletin of Chinese adults constitution issued by State General Sports Bureau in 1997,the authors hold that the main countermeasures to change the   laggard   condition of social sports should include the transference of peoples concept,the increase of governments investment and the acceleration of the construction of the sports industry.
At the turning of last century, the Ministry of National Education and the Chief Bureau of National Physical Education praised advanced individuals who had made contributions in the field of hygiene and physical education at schools in the past two decades, and selected 495 outstanding workers all over the country.
Through watching the video of man's breaststroke match of Olympic Games and analyzing the literature data,the author found out that Kitajima Kosuke could win two gold medal in Olympic Games closely related to his conspicuous technical characteristics such as markedly striking effect,unique technical style,coordination and relaxation movement,smooth swimming speed.
The statistics and analysis of attacks of matches at the second stage at the Ninth (National) Sports Games and relative statistics of those at the Eighth National Sports Games demonstrate that the main reasons for the failure of the Chinese Women's Soccer Team in attacks were serving and receiving faults.
In view of the present situation of the physical education at ordinary colleges and universities, the writer puts forwards thinking on necessity of  constructing course teaching on body-building and health-caring, draw-up and carry-out of course contents ate, and at the same time preliminarily discusses on how to develop the teaching.
The paper analyses the goals and loses of China team in the 13th Asian Football Cup, explores the factors of goals and losses, basis law and characteristics of strategic application of attack and guard, in order to provide references for China football team in future matches.
What is our target for the season? The championship, every year all the way through to 2020, said Xu Jiayin, the chairman of Evergrande Group. This year, our target is to win four titles: the Asian Champions League, the Chinese Super League, Chinese F.A. Cup and Chinese Super Cup.
Opta, a sports data firm that tracks passes, shots and other plays within games, provided the data for the past five Euros and the past five World Cups. (I have chosen to compare the World Cup with the Euros and not the Copa Amrica, also going on now, and in which the United States is doing well, because Opta has less historical data on the Copa.)
By applying documentary materials method, Video-observing method, and data statistical method, discuss why Chinese womens volleyball team could get gold medal in the Athens 2004 Olympics, so as to provide the theoretical base of womens volleyball training conception as well as tactic thoughts, and the reference the effective application in the game.
By making a kinematical analysis of the technical features of elite gymnast Huang Xu's parallel bars upright support to stoop back flip 2 turns into hanging position,this paper provides some technical data and theoretical backup for Chinese gynmasts' efforts in developing and improving actions of this type.
So if you happen to be cheering madly for your team in a bar or restaurant filled with supporters of a rival team that don't appreciate your enthusiasm, fear not. If there is a slight dust-up, the policy will cover up to 10,000 yuan worth of medical expenses. A word of caution though. It doesn't count if the buyer of the insurance policy starts a fight.
Honduras might yet qualify, thanks to a win against Mexico, but only if it can beat Australia, which edged past Syria, the decisive goal coming after 199 minutes of 210. That is one of the intercontinental playoffs for a place in Russia; the other features New Zealand and a Peru team indebted to David Ospina, the Colombia goalkeeper, and an eagle-eyed referee. Peru and Colombia tied, 1-1, in Lima. Perus goal came from Paolo Guerrero, scoring direct from an indirect free kick. Had Ospina not touched it, the ball would still have gone in, but Peru would be out. Such are the margins. In recent days, such has been the drama.
After I lost my opportunity to get into the Chinese national team, I was still young, I still had my dream, said Eugene Wang, 30, who was offered a spot on the Canadian team shortly before the 2012 Games. At the same time, I had this invitation. I just went for it.
Everyone acknowledges how far ahead China remains in terms of training and skill. The thinking for many national federations, then, has been that having such skilled players and coaches around  beyond giving them a chance to win competitions in the short term  will raise the skill levels of a countrys other players.
Ms. Romano and Ms. Spitzer, whose husband, Andre, was a fencing coach at the Munich Games and died in the attack, first described the extent of the cruelty during an interview for the coming film Munich 1972 &amp; Beyond, a documentary that chronicles the long fight by families of the victims to gain public and official acknowledgment for their loved ones. The film is expected to be released early next year.
According to the statistics and analysis of the shots in total 52 matches of the 14th World Cup Finals(soccer), this thesis has dealt with the characteristics of techniques and tactics used in modern soccer matches, found out the difference between the Chinese team and the strong ones in the world and at the same time made some suggestions for enhancing the soccer level of our country.
The development of high level sports teams of Chinese colleges must depend on making use of their own advantages,taking part in the Universiade,the reform of enrollments,the construction of students base,and training and competitions. According to the sports development strategies of China,high level sports teams of Chinese colleges should walk along a socialized and scientific road and establish teams according to their different levels in order to attain a sustainable,rapid and healthy development.
Count through 7 matches technology of Chinese men's basketball of the 28th Olympic Games, and block technology compare with the other side and study to shoot total amount , shoot percentage of hits , reboard , secondary attack , fault , is it intercept to vie for, analyse the disparity between the Chinese men's basketball and strong team of the world.
Christy Prior won the snowboard slopestyle event at the World Cup in Stoneham, Canada, in January and is ranked seventh in the world in the discipline. In Stoneham, the last Olympic qualifying event ahead of Sochi, Prior was top of the podium ahead of Cheryl Maas of the Netherlands and Anna Gasser of Austria.
By comparing the results of men's javelin prize-winners in the Eighth National Games with those of the eight top winners in the Sixth and Seventh National Games,and the national records made in men's javelin with the world records in the last ten years,this paper presents the strategy for developing our national men's javelin,aiming to improve it soon.
It has been shown that the low start speed and fast moving in high posture defense is easy to kick the ball and has poor defensive effect for front of point of the ball. It offered a concept of defense in high posture and advancing type.
It is rare that professional sports teams go on the selling block, and leagues such as the N.F.L. and N.B.A. demand comprehensive information on who is buying into the club, and where their money came from, as well as assurances that it will continue to flow.
It concluded that the different sports economic policies made must be based on different properties of sports career during the process of policy formulation. Only in this way can our sports economic policies be truly compatible with different attributes of sports, which promote the development of our sports career in a healthy and comprehensively way.
Reacting ability reflects the swift degree of athletes' reaction to the complex change of the contesting fields, thinking ability reflects the nimblility and flexibility of athletes' athletic thinking, comprehensive ability reflects the athletes' attention and ability of controlling muscle movement, deep perceptive ability reflects the athletes' accurate judgement of distance, muscle movement experiencing ability reflects the nimble degree of the sensations of the athletic difference, and athletic perceptive ability reflects the athletes' sensation and control of their own bodies' movement.
High-speed phktograph was used to analyze Jin Ling's take off techniques when she broke asian record of indoor high jump, compared with world record keeper--Kesitadinowa' three height of take off, the results shows that: H  2, H  3 is equal, but H  1 of Jin Ling's is lower. Jin Ling could achieve better performance in competition if she has improved exceptional techniques.
The study on two kinds of different conditions - H4=0 and H4>0 is showed that it is important for H4 to confirm the distance of beginning jump, the angle across pole, lever velocity of beginning jump, muzzle velocity, and jumping angle, as well as diagnose and analyze sport technology.
The country has only 6,000 to 7,000 registered female players above age 12, according to the Chinese soccer federation and the Asian Football Confederation. The true number of players could be four or five times that, officials said, but even if it were 100 times, it would be dwarfed by the 1.7 million registered female players in the United States.
The purpose of this paper is to set up two mathematical models:For parts of Asian Game sports (including: track and field, swimming and weightlifting), we give out the predicting performances about the future Asian Game in 1990, 1994, 1998, 2002. The paper also gives out three trpes of testing methods, for each predicting model.
At present, the product properties of our community sports tend to coexistence of three categories, and the mode of supply is in different variety. With the further development of city community construction, as the private product of community sport has the great potential development, and is benefit to promote the healthy development and sport business progress of city community sports.
Through literature study,expert interview and case analysis,the paper discusses the influences of the amendment to the 2005 international swimming rules on the international breaststroke achievements and analyzes the general situation and the development trend of the breaststroke in order to provide theoretical basis for the achievements of breaststroke in the Beijing Olympic Games.
'We played that match with two souls. The first one was on the pitch and the second was outside it as we were monitoring the other results of the other matches,' a report on the Asian Football Confederation's website quoted Alain Perrin, the Frenchman appointed as China's coach last month, as saying.
To make preparations for 2004 and 2008 Olympic games, the Field Events Management Center of National Physics Bureau in 2002 listed women's triple jump among "the trickiest items of Olympics" and in order to upgrade it back into the world level, the Center has given pivotal support to it in the aspects of allowances, facilities, technical services and fund.
In order to improve the level of physical function and results of athletes,this article monitored the body function of 12 male long-distance running athletes attending the 10~(th) University Students Games of Shandong Province by the combined method of speed training of lactic acid threshold,examination of indexes of Hb and BUN,and taking the ginseng compound preparation before matches.
Proceed to sport representatives training work,race result of the high school the analysis study,discovering the positive that high school athlete train is under the influence of social pressure,people to the prejudice,athlete of the athletics oneself of mental state ising self-contradict,school to the promise and graduate allotment etc.
The age structures of the world excellent women football teams and that of the 12 (excellent) Chinese teams were summed up and analyzed. The result shows that the best age structure of the world is from 23 to 27 while that of excellent Chinese football teams is much younger and within 28 years old and it has a direct proportion with the performance achievements.
By statistically analysing the eight matches of the Chinese  Football Team in Group A at the contest of ten strong Asian teams, the study reveals the general law of applying slide tackle techniques and finds the gap of the Chinese team by comparing with other teams.
It is developing the N.B.A. Center, a 130,000-square-foot structure that is part of a $1.5 billion complex being built by a Chinese company near Beijing and is set to open next year. The center will include a restaurant, merchandise store, fitness center and multiple full-size basketball courts.
Indeed, the 23-year-old queen, who plays almost every day, is surprisingly good. The royal set shot is as sweet as honeyed ghee, and the royal dribble as poised as a monk in meditation. Her statistics in that game were like those of an N.B.A. star: 34 points, 3 rebounds and 4 assists. (Perhaps it helped that the Bhutanese custom forbidding citizens from touching a royal without an invitation seems to extend to the basketball court.)
For both male and female students from 18 to 23 years old, the 5 physique indices of the students with high fat have difference or remarkable difference(P<0.05 or P<0.01) from those of the students with regular fat.These 5 physique indiceses are seated body bending,vital capacity weight index, standing long jump,1000 meters running(male) and 800 meters running(female), gripping power weight index number.
Olympic organizers want to build courses and competitions that are the equal, at least, of the Winter X Games, where most of the Extreme Park events gained wide popularity. But the invitation-only X Games have small fields, often 10 or fewer of the worlds best. The Olympics, by design, want larger fields with a wide cross-section of countries. The drop-off in talent between top athletes and the bottom of the field can be drastic.
When the team was relegated to the second tier of Chinese soccer in February 2010 as punishment for match-fixing, few would have imagined that, less than four years later, it would succeed where traditional soccer powers such as Beijing Guoan and Shandong Luneng have failed and be just 90 minutes away from the biggest prize in Asian club soccer. Its climb back up is partly due to its owner, Evergrande Group, a real estate company that bought the club immediately after its demotion. It has invested over $70 million since. Marcello Lippi, who was appointed coach in May 2012, did not come cheap, with a reported annual salary of around $14 million. The 65-year-old led his native Italy to the 2006 World Cup and is looking to become the first coach to win the showpiece club competitions of both Asia and Europe, following his 1996 UEFA Champions League triumph with the Italian giant Juventus.
Here in France, whose team only just qualified for the World Cup, there has been much talk of how victories have stemmed from the absence of its stars. Franck Ribry, a brilliant winger, was injured, and Samir Nasri, a wonderfully creative playmaker and goal scorer, was omitted because he was deemed a troublemaker. (France had a disastrous last World Cup campaign in South Africa that collapsed with players in open revolt.)
Statistic results of border corner tactics in 12    th   Tae Kwon Do world championships finals on video and tactic cases in ever world championships were analysed  The results showed that border corner tactics are products of initiative attack and they will play a important role in competition if they are applied actually
This article discusses the important role in which force basketball teams play sports circle through document and logic method. It also analyzes the factors that result in the reserve talents' shortage in force and put forward the resalt countermeasures in order to promote the reform of system of fostering the current situation of shortage reserve talents.
In this article,systematical study and analysis on the status quo of the development of China's competitive women's weightlifting were made to help improve the level of this sport  The fundamental lows underlying this sport and its developmental trend were also pointed out from views of the developmental Characteristics of its special  skill and its training
This study, through the three dimensional film data comparison and analysis of the throwing techniques between the Chinese and world's elite male discus throwers, revealed the general rules of the discus throwing techniques and the technical characteristics of the Chinese and world's elite discus throwers as well as the main problems existed in the Chinese throwers. The key factors and technical links which influenced the rapid rising of the Chinese discus throwing were found out at last.
Based on a clear understanding of the relationship between the two, this paper illustrates the great significance of the combination of these two aspects and then proposes some specific suggestions and approaches to promote the effective combination of the two respects: innovate ideas on physical education, lay particular emphasis on the selection of teaching contents, reform the teaching models of physical education in institutions of higher learning, give full play to the duel roles of the teachers and open the stadiums and gymnasiums to the public.
29 teenager shoot ethletes as objects, the investigator measures their personality characteristic according to Eysenck personality questionnaire and observes the change of immune function between pretest and posttest on psychological stress , so as to discover the influence of psychological stress on immune function of different personality characteristic of teenager shooters.
This article (CUBA) starts on the Chinese university student basketball league tournament  to conduct until now already 6 sessions, Why cant the league tournament level always obtain the  substantive enhancement, Cannot train the top athlete to enter the CBA league tournament, Becomes  the CUBA league tournament the talented person base, Realized the raise system which the school  record education and the movement training unified to carry on the massive investigations, the proof  as soon as possible.
The announcement came in the wake of a detailed account last week by the former longtime director of Russias anti-doping lab, Grigory Rodchenkov, who said he worked for years at the direction of the Russian government to help the countrys top athletes use banned, performance-enhancing substances and go undetected.
Evaluating vascular functions of 11 National Karate Team athletes who are preparing for Asian Games and national championships, this paper presents some advice such as adjusting adequate training quantity and intensity, stressing clinic monitoring, establishing athletes' personal data, and giving instructions for athletes' diet in future Karate training.
This article aimed at the understanding of the changing trend of the best age distribution of the outstanding selected track and field contestants and the characteristics of the age of the classified items of different natures. The paper analyzed the age distribution of the 10 best track and field selected contestants in every item (altogether 323 contestants) in 1960 and also the 25 best selected contestants in 1966 (altogether 1040 contestants). The analysis included both sportsmen and sportswomen.
Methods of clustering and relevant analysis were used to give a synthetical analysis of 12 physical fitness indexes in 13 Chinese hammer throwers. It was found out that 6 kinds of main physical fitness affectedthe hammer throwers' performances- The relationship between those 6 kinds of physical fitness and performances was revealed.
This article mainly introduces the choice of construction scheme of the space  truss roof of large  span structure of 144 meters, the largest indoor football ground and the process flow of the project; as well as the installation in the air, the welding at low temperature, the controlling of welding deformation and the controlling of installation inaccuracy etc.
4.The influence of the clubs' imperfect financial administration on the referees' penalization. Factors during the match1 .The influence of the host ground atmosphere, made by the fans of the host team on the referees' penalization including the influence on impartiality, thepsychology and the strength of the referees.
Analyse the takeoff phase of fosbury flop by using document,it is explained that the relation between the swinging if swinging leg and the moving tract of center of gravity,the vertical speed and displacement of center of gravity,it is proved that the action of swinging leg has great influence on the moving of center of gravity during the takeoff phase.
This paper attempts to analyze the goal time,place,attack route,goal and attack means,and so on about the 161goals of 64 games in the 17 th world cup. Thus providing a reference for all - round understanding of the technical and tactical features of the goal scored at this world cup.
Many sports at the Olympics feature athletes who were born outside the country they represent. The United States, for example, has dozens of athletes born outside the country, across more than 20 sports. But table tennis is an outlier: About a third of its participants this summer were born outside the nation they are representing. All other sports are far behind.
The article is according to investigating and visiting the coach,the referee,the athlete and the instructor of Huaibei sport school who attended the preliminary heat of Shandong of the national sports meeting in 2000.It's comprehensive analysis of the condition of Chinese wrestling today,and the sport character of existence and development.
The authors tested and studied the factors that affect walking race athlete's contest mentality by using the Fox Mental Load Symptom Survey Form,and revealed the following findings: Different factors cause different mental expressions of walking race athletes of different genders,groups and ages when they participated in contests;
Results showed that the general psychosomatic health level of the swimming athlete was similar to that of ordinary youth. But the score of somatic feelings of the athletes was higher than that of ordinary youth (P<0.01). The interpersonal sensitivity score of the athletes was lower than that of ordinary youth (P<0.05).
Until about 20 years ago, hyponatremia was extremely uncommon among healthy people. But then several marathon runners died from hyponatremia. In general, they had been middle- or back-of-the-pack, slower runners. They did not sweat much. But they drank plenty of water, trying to ensure that they would be well hydrated.
Through employing the method of Average and Rank Sum Ration,this paper compares and analyzes the individual technical statistic data and some body shape characteristics of the three best centers between China and USA during their eighty-one participations in 20022003 season's NBA in order to discover the difference in their body shape and techniques between the three best centers respectively.
indexes of attacking and defending,such as goals scored,total shots,goals to shots,corner kicks,ball possession,passes completed,tackles,tackles suffered,fouls committed,offsides and goals conceded of the16football teams participating in the UEFA EURO2004are analyzed by principal component analysis,and further the comprehensive indexes for evaluating are determined to reflect the technical and tactical abilities of football teams.
In the thesis, the writer gets a best-record formula of shot-putting and a new one of the best angle in which the shot is put by analysis the trajectory of the shot projectile motion. And through the sample-check, the two formulas prove to be accurate enough to figure out the best putting angle and record of all levels of shot-putting athletes.
We had to work hard on the front end of education, trying to get them to understand theres certain things you cant do because it will hinder our success, Brennan said. If youre up there talking while Coach is trying to teach, thats going to be a problem. We had some upfront conversations.
The paper has made an analysis of the effect on the attack and defense resistance ability of the foil athlete in sport after the change of the parameter in Judicatory, and on the base of the analysis, make a conclusion on how to improve the ability in the training.
As the group waited for an athlete support van to collect Zou and her racing chair, the wind picked up. Zou shivered. Officer Valentin asked whether she needed anything. She said no at first, but he saw her lips trembling and asked again. Then he insisted.
In this paper,a statistical analysis of red and yellow card punishment was made in view of the England Football Super League in 20042005 season and the result showed that the red and yellow card punishment in round robin of the England Football Super League was less than that in elimination series;
Based on the traces of volleyball development, the historical changes in competitive condition, as well as the current problems and trend involved in modern competitive volleyball, the author points out in this paper that the competitive volleyball can achieve reformation and development through carrying out reforms in competitive condition, such as the court area, qualities of the ball, and height of the net, etc.
You gave a six-year-old boy his Laker dream and Ill always love you for it. But I cant love you obsessively for much longer, Bryant wrote in a poem titled Dear Basketball. This season is all I have left to give. My heart can take the pounding. My mind can handle the grind but my body knows its time to say goodbye.
In this article, the author analyzes the character of 158 scores of 64 matches in the final phase in 17th world cup. The result shows that the number of score in the second half is higher than that of first half. The main area of score focus on penalty area, the way of goal is scored by foot, with the direct shot occupy higher proportion.
In order to explore whether the relative age effect exits in Chinese Football League and Volleyball League,the birth dates of athletes,who are from 27 club teams enrolled in Chinese Football A League group A and group B in 2002-2003 season and 25 club teams enrolled in Chinese Volleyball League in 2002-2003 season,were analyzed.
Through using the method of literature,investigation,heart rate testing and mathematical statistics,this paper made investigation on 27 elite male and female pole-vaulters participating in 2002 Grand Prix. The result showed that the pole-vaulter's anxiety level gradually increased one week pre-competition,and reached the highest value at competition day.
Noriaki Kasai is a veteran ski jumper who made his Olympic debut in the 1992 Games in Albertville, France. Sochi will be his seventh Olympics, more than any other ski jumper in history. In January, the 41-year-old became the oldest jumper to win a World Cup and he is now third in the season's rankings. His best result at an Olympics came in the team event in Lillehammer in 1994, when he won silver.
In order to provide some suggestion to the training and match for reference only, we studied the present statues and existed problems of the attack and defense technique-tactics in China football super league tournament 2005 through analyzing the index of 14 teams in 182 matches at shots, goals, attacks, and defenses.
group B receiving the one of 5000-meter run at 7585% of enduranoe time of subjects and training of muscular strength (program B): group C perofrming the same protocal as group B at the first time of every week training,at the other time receiving the one of 400-meter run at full speed,which was repeated for 8 times,and training of muscular ftitness (program C).
By testing and analyzing the 50 m,100 m,1500 m freestyle swimmers prepared rhythms of hearts in the national college competition, the author finds out the rhythm hearts characteristics of short distance swimmer pre  competition. The result shows that it is possible to use prepared rhythms hearts to test and control the short distance swimmer's condition.
Through analyzing the characteristic defense of both Miami Heat and Dallas Mavericks in their respective wins during NBA final of 2005-2006 season,the paper summarized that the key defensive factors contained diversity and agility of the whole defense tactics,rhythm control,as well as defensive pertinence and intensity against the opponent core players.
South Korean clubs are unable to compete financially with their newly rich counterparts in China. Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao, owned by the property developers Evergrande and the founder of Alibaba, one of Chinas biggest e-commerce companies, started the spending in 2010. Since then the club has invested over $150 million on players and coaches. The reward has been five consecutive domestic titles and, on Nov. 21, the team, led by 2002 World Cup winning coach Luiz Felipe Scolari, won its second Asian Champions League title in three years.
Dejan Damjanovic is the record goal scorer in the K-League and was F.C. Seouls biggest star in 2013, when he moved to Beijing Guoan. Damjanovic, a member of the Montenegro national team, finished the 2015 season as the third highest goal scorer in the Chinese Super League. Now 34 and interested in a return to Korea, K-League clubs struggled to match even half his salary.
France has already scored eight goals in three matches in the image of a World Cup that, before the quarterfinal stage is reached, has seen as many goals (145 as I write) scored as in the entire South African World Cup. This reflects a changed game. In every area there has been a reaction: refereeing (less restrictive, more inclined to let matches flow); style (more attack-minded, less cautious); and teamwork (the ascendancy of the high-tempo, all-for-one Simeone model).
Through the methods of document references,observatory statistics and mathematical statistics,this essay   statistically   analyses the 85 goals in the 31 matches in Europe Soccer Championships 2000,which shows:the time   distribution   of the goals goes in the form of ranges,more in the middle,and less in the beginning and ending time;
This paper, by means of data analysis,logical analysis and comparative analysis, points out the conflicts between contemporary Olympic sports and Confucius ethical thoughts from the perspective of value orientation, spiritual pursuit and rational pursuit, viewing that some ideas in Confucius ethical thoughts are inconsistent with contemporary Olympic sports development.
The establishment and development of sports market in China are the power of thesports cause development,the importan ring of sports system and the runing mechanism' s reformationunder the conditions of the socialist market economy,and the issues which relate to the overall andstrategy for the development of sports cause.
By means of literature reviews,statistical analysis and interviews with experts,the authors of this paper have made a comparison between the rules of 20012004 editions and 20052008 editions compiled by FIG and analyzed the major trend of athletic aerobics in its development and training in order to make preparations for the winning of the next World Championship.
The Winter Games have always had dangerous events. But the Extreme Park, as the name suggests, is built on the ageless allure of danger. All of the events there have been added to the Olympic docket since 1992, each a tantalizing cocktail of grace and peril.
With the combination of the documentary analysis, statistic analysis, and logic analysis, this study conducted a profound and extensive comparative analysis on the development situation of the men's pole vault from 1993 to 2003 between China and the world, in order to explore the development principles of the international and domestic men's pole vault.
In this paper, the author studies the trait anxiety and state anxiety of some Chinese high jumpers by using the method of Spitberger, a psychologist of the United States, discovers the character and current status of anxiety, discuss the inherent relation between anxiety and improvement of performance, provides scientific bases for high jumper to overcome mental barrier and control the level of anxiety.
In this paper, the writer watches football matches-videotapes, uses document-data, inquiry-interview, logic, observation-statistics, mathematical-statistics to observe and total the applying of head-kick in the 12th men's Euro cup and 13th men's Asian cup ,and analyzes from time, district, the position of players, purpose , body condition and antagonism and so on.
Perhaps, long ago, youth sports leagues offered universal positives. Nowadays, however, what I see are parents itching to land their kids far-off college scholarships; coaches thinking themselves the next Nick Saban and John Calipari; calls for year-round dedication; the hiring of private tutors to help 6-year-old Junior master the changeup. Rare are the times that I've attended a young sporting event without hearing at least one or two parents scream vulgarly at a pimply-faced teen referee, or mock the opposition, or demand more playing time for their tykes.
Through making analysis on 16 teams in final phase in the 12nd European Football Cup, this paper studied eleven indexes of attack and defense such as goal, shooting, rate of goal, corner kick, ball possession, passing completed, tackles, fouls, offside and ball losing, pointed out character of each team and explored the rational evaluation method on team tactical and technical ability by introducing comprehensive evaluation method of E value.
This literary grace uses the cultural heritage data the method, interview the inquisition the method, contrast to analyze the method, questionnaire the inquisition the method, the covariance the method, and train the method with the character of the triple jump athlete to proceed with difference with the means's relativity to systematically discuss with study to long jump.
Three brothers are among those carrying New Zealand's hopes at Sochi. Josiah Wells, Byron Wells and Beau-James Wells are all freestyle skiers, and they are all experiencing their first Olympics. A fourth brother,Jackson, is also a skier but at 15 is too young to qualify for these Games. They are coached by their father, Bruce.
With the literature and data,it reviews,summarizes and analyzes the training characteristics of elite high jumpers in China, so as to complete the study information which can expound the Chinese training characteristics of the high jump for high jumpers of China reemerging top performance at the international match.
Athletes do not have to cross cultural boundaries unless they really wish to. They can live wherever fortune takes them, and most barely ever come out of the cocoon that surrounds players. They are encamped in training bases, sealed off from the community around them. Their housing is taken care of, along with the schooling for their kids, their food, even their camaraderie.
The object of this study was the National "Tai ji" Push Hands Competition in 1994. The number of abstention and won matches, won-lost scores, skilled movernents used, points, won for the skilled movernents and the investigation of the competitors'paper-answering were deeply researched in order to find out problems for studying the development trend of the "Tai ji"push hands competition.
Through a follow - up investigation of volleyball matches of ninth sports meeting of Henan province, a commentary and analysis on the matches is made, for the purpose of keeping tabs on the development of youth volleyball game in Henan, finding the existing problems and way to improve, formulating solutions and supplying reference for the development schema of volleyball game in Henan.
Russia has had a particularly prominent place in the international sports spotlight in recent years, hosting the Winter Olympic Games in Sochi in 2014 and the track and field world championship in Moscow the year before. The country is due to host the next World Cup, in 2018, though Swiss authorities are investigating allegations that it may have secured the tournament through under-the-table agreements.
The cardiopulmonary functions of 20 Taekwondo athletes of Xi'an Institute of Physical Education were studied by determining indexes, such as electrocardiogram, blood pressure, pulmonary capacity and maximum oxygen uptake. The results were compared with the reports in literature. They showed: 1. At rest the abnormity rate of ECG in the Taekwondo athletes was 10%.
Beijing has gained the right to host 2008 Olympic Games and also got the worldwide support with the idea of "Green Olympics, Science and Technology Olympics, Human Olympics". Water conservancy is the most important part of the idea that realizes Green Olympics and sustainable development in Beijing.
for the elite public sports products that base their main body on the construction of national teams, the approaches for nongovernmental supply include the modes such as national teams organized and operated by single event sports association as well as national teams jointly constructed by the government and an enterprise;
The Sport Training Management Information System deeply combining management of sport team, sport training and the information technology application, carrying on information collection, store, and analysis various training data by computer, supplies science gist for decision-making, and assists coach by managing daily training information, and carries on quantitative analysis, diagnose and improvement to athlete's training load and technological movement, so as to improve the athlete's achievement by a large margin of score.
On the basis of the principle on apparatus-exercise and biomechanics, we have tried to add forward swing180twist-support on parallel bars in our teaching and given a technical, theoretical and teaching methodological analysis and study and then practice it in our teaching to upgrade the teaching and training quality.
By means of statistics and comparison, the author analyses the medals of all event in the 25-27th Olympic Games and important sports competitions in recent years,discusses the Changes of Chinese Competitive Sports Strength between in recent years and puts forward the development countermeasures in order to determine the place accurately, keep its superior status in the 28th and 29th Olympic Games and its continual development.
Three-dimensional high speed photography was used for a kinematical analysis of high jumpers' techniques just before and after take-off. 7 elite Chinese female high jumpers taking part in the trials for 1998 Asian Games served as subjects. The results showed that the vertical speed of take-off of Chinese jumpers were good but their H1 and H2 were lower than that of world level high jumpers.
This text mainly employs the documents and materials, questionnaire investigation made by functional section in Hebei, people watching matches on the spot, combining the analysis of the economic and social environment, current analysis of athletic Competition performance market in Hebei province, the investigation and analysis of sports resources, and the actual problem existing presently in every city of Hebei province, and puts up with the development strategy and market development methods.
Sports meetings in school are indispensable from the school sports. On the foundation of practical work,in combination with needs of education for all-round development and Course Standards for Sports and Health,through   analyzing   the current situation of traditional school sports meeting,the necessity of reform of the school sports meetings and the concrete methods of innovation are proposed.
China Handicapped Track & Fields activity is continuously developing with the improvement of China athletics sports, although our handicapped sports had a late beginning, due to the attention of our Communist Party and our Country, our handicapped athletics have participated in many competitions and gained a lot of good score.
But the real money to be made may be in some of the higher-end Chinese products appearing at the games. China developed security machines stationed at a number of venue entrances, electric trains to get people to the main stadium, LED screens for replays as well as hybrid buses to shuttle tourists to the tournament's various events.
Once, long ago, I was like the sports parents I now abhor. I needed to win-and anything short of that goal was a failure. I'd cry and mope and lock myself in my room. I'd promise myself the next time would be better-and, when it wasn't, I'd feel even worse. Then, one day more than a decade ago, I experienced an epiphany: While playing for Sports Illustrated's intramural basketball team in a competitive league, I scored two points, missed all my free throws and had an opposing forward repeatedly beat me to the rim. I felt like absolute crap-until I remembered that, when the game ended, we'd all go out to the neighborhood bar to talk and eat and drink the night away. It was what I loved most about sports-the unity and togetherness.
In order to know the immune system function of swimmer,this paper measured the variety of immune globulin and sub-group T lymphocyte of 10 male and 10 female swimmers during preparing for 2002 Asian Games. Moreover,correlative analysis on some indexes was made between immune globulin and sub-group T lymphocyte.
On the knowledge basic of back style's speed quality and through the investigation and interview in the some college high jump's coach, this thesis concludes their characteristics of selecting the high jumpers and finds out better training means. And it aims to approach problems during the actual training in order to give coaches the valuable advise.
With the rapid development of the technology of the computer, the application in the field of athletic sports of the computer is deepened more and more. The computer management of the higher school athletic meeting is the most important means to improve the quality and efficiency of the higher school athletic meeting and impulse the development of the higher school athletic meeting.
reveals that modern urban areas should be the combination of economic development ecosystem and the environment,efficiency of resources,etc ,elaborates the sound cycle relationship between Olympic bid and urban modernization. It brings it to light that the quality of environment is not only a new explanation of the concept of strategic bonds of sports in our urban areas.
This article talks about some feelings in the short-term training in the dash in general universities and colleges by talking Huang Qiong, a student, as example, whose results have been raised from 12.5 seconds to 12 seconds in the 100-meter race and from 26.8 seconds to 25.6 seconds in the 200-meter race.
With the analysis of the structural characteristics of modern pentathlon and difficulties of restricting the development of modern pentathlon,the reasons why Chinese modern pentathlon is far behind are analyzed,in order to emphasize the fact that research on the winning factors of Chinese modern pentathlon in 2008 Olympic Games is the key to solve the problems.
Using the methods of literature, observation,mathematical statistics and interviewing and consulting professionals, the authors do research on all the teams participating in the 17    th   World Cup of FIFA in the following aspects: the pass times and effect in the controlling  ball attack, the areas of the attack from launching to the end, the causes of the interruption of attack, the final attacking means of creating goal  in opportunities and the situation of the comparison between Team China and the excellent teams in the world and Asia.
Through scene statistics on the women's doubles and the mixed doubles competition in the 48th session of world table-tennis championships tournament, this study obtained data about the points-scoring ratio and the utilization ratio in the stages of serve and assault,receive and assault,and stalemate,which was about the Chinese players and oversea main players.
Working one day in March with a youth team from FC Zurich, the referees ran from one end of the field to the other, awarding penalty kicks at each end. FIFA's Busacca watched closely, looking for physical performance, judgment, and positioning. He yelled at the refs when they got it wrong -- and when they got it right. Premier League refs, especially Webb, stood out.
Tsai began playing in the streets with friends with whatever equipment they could find. When he was 10, he was recruited to attend a private school with a well-known team. In 1988, Tsai was good enough to travel to the Little League World Series in Williamsport, Pa., where his team won the title by beating the team from Pearl City, Hawaii.
On the basis of investigating skill scores statistics of Chinese and overseas Male Basketball in the 27th&28th Olympic Games and using the SPSS software,the writer makes a comparison of 6 skill parameters on relativity,individual average scores,single and whole score of Chinese Male Basketball team and its opponent.
But that golden era of womens soccer in the worlds most populous nation has faded. China did not even qualify for the 2011 Womens World Cup or the 2012 London Olympics. And as it opens the 2015 World Cup on Saturday against host Canada here, China no longer has the best womens team in Asia, much less the world.
When we practice, we dont practice on the same jumps as the men, said J.F. Cusson, ski slopestyle coach for Canada and a former X Games gold medalist. Theyre too big for them. But when they compete, they have to jump on the same jumps, so they get hurt. Its a big concern of mine.
Sotnikovas victory confirmed Russias re-emergence in international figure skating after it failed to win a single gold medal for the first time in five decades at the 2010 Vancouver Games. It is now the only country to have won every discipline in Olympic figure skating  the team event, pairs, mens and womens singles, and ice dancing.
The champion, Zou Lihong, was supposed to re-enact a great showdown from the Rio Games, where she beat the favored American, Tatyana McFadden, by a hair in the wheelchair marathon. But when McFadden crossed the Central Park finish line as the champion on Sunday, she hadnt seen Zou for miles. None of the competitors had. Questions to a race official yielded no clue as to what had happened.
In 1983-1984, of our country famous athlete high jumper Zhu jianhua adopt Fosbury Flop technology by 2.37 meters ,2.38 meters,2.39 meters of achievement, have obtained and broken the glory military success of the world record for the third time in succession within one year , thus shaken the international field circles again.
Aim at searching for the relation between training sensitivity and ACE Gene Polymorphism by training 102 soldiers of Chinese Han nationality for a 18-week endurance training of 5000m distance running and measuring their related representative indexes of aerobic endurance, body composition, and the structure and function index of left ventricle before and after training.
Ilana Romano and Ankie Spitzer, whose husbands were among the Israeli athletes held hostage and killed by Palestinian terrorists at the 1972 Olympics in Munich, rejected that request, too. They looked at the pictures that for decades they had been told did not exist, and then agreed never to discuss them publicly.
This paper discussed the problems of how to appreciate beach volleyball sports from the aspects of means of the appreciation,sports culture,sports spirits of beach volleyball,sports history, process and rules,competition result,the main purpose was to improve our cognition on beach vol- leyball sports and further promote people's passion to learn and participate in beach volleyball sports and raise the cultural qualities of sports participants.
Using the result of skill statistics of 2002 man Volleyball League , the author analyses the Skill and Tactic superiority of Jiangsu Man Volleyball Teem in 2002 League,and summarizes the rule of new rule in volleyball match ,and thinks that there are three superiorities that makes Jiangsu Man Volleyball teem the champion of 2002 volleyball League .
By the study of Beijing Olympic Badminton Gymnasium,authors do some all-process emulation calculation to prestress construction of suspended-dome structure,check the structure safety at the construction stage,analyze the change characteristics of structure shape,change rules of inter force and joint displacement during the prestress construction,put forward control parameters of prestress construction.
The great promotion to and influence on Chinese society, economy and culture brought about by the successful bid for the 2008 Olympic Games are analyzed in the paper. Furthermore, it also expounds how to grasp the opportunity to carry on and promote Chinese culture, spread Olympic spirits, advance the economic development and realize the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
The scores are given by the judges, said Kim, who repeated that this would be her final Olympics. Im not in the right position to comment on it. There is nothing that will change with my words. The most important thing was to participate in these Games.
After the New FIVB rules were applied, the law of winning or losing score has been changed. In this arlicle, the author wanted to expound the competition law of women' s Volleyball under the new FIVB through statistics and analysis of the score situation in the Federation International de Female Volleyball and National Female Volleyball Associalion in 2002. The purpose is to give some references for training and compelition of femal Volleyball teams.
By counting up and analyzing the technique of Malin in group round robin,semifinals and finals at the team match of 47th Table Tennis world Champions in 2004,this article finds out that the athletes in our country have adapted the new competition institution through the training which is aimed at the situation.
Once the World Cup begins, the process for referees advancing beyond the group stage is meritocratic. In that competition, European referees fare well. In 2010, only nine of 24 referees in the group stage were European. But seven of those nine made the cut to 16 referees for the next stage of play.
With date analysis,statistical method and comparing analysis,this paper analyzes the physical quality and result - model of high-level male decathlon players in the world,points out the main factors influencing the results of Chinese male decathlon players,gives some corresponding advice and countermeasures,and presents some theoretical basis for further improving the whole level of Chinese male decathlon players.
There were concerns about slopestyle, which made its Olympic debut here, from the beginning. Men and women worried aloud about the course during training, complaining mostly about jumps bigger than many had seen before. The American snowboarder Shaun White said the course could be intimidating, and then pulled out of the competition, worried that an injury would spoil his chance to compete in the gentler confines of the halfpipe.
The commercialization of the Olympic Games is an important social phenomenon in international sports of the present age. The author of this paper attempts to make an analysis of the main reasons behind phenomenon,such as the situation of the world economy in the present age,the speedy development of mass media,especiallyTV networks,the rise of intenational cartels,and the serious economic crisis which hit the Western World suringthe mid-1970s.
The traditional education neglected to dig the factor of the high school student s physical spirit,to edify and educate the high school student to bring up their physical spirit. In the physical education of the high school,the education of physical spirit exerts a subtle inflnence on the form of the high school student s personality and makes important effect in developing the student personality in general.
By way of technical index statistics of performing period,degree of difficulty and reduced points in finished performance in trampoline sports,this acticle makes a comparative enalysis between our national sportsmen and the international advanced sportsmen in recpect ofmain technology it elaborates the main technical problems existint in our national trampoline sports and then raises countermeasures and opinions.
The triple-header offering for that Wednesday, which features teams from four continents, kicks off with Australia playing the 2010 runner-up, the Netherlands. From there, go straight into Spain vs. Chile, the defending champion against one of the most exciting teams in South America. And finally, unwind with the kind of game that you might never watch any other time, but that could easily produce six goals: Cameroon vs. Croatia. All in a day's worth of group-stage action.
With the fall of the Berlin Wall and the dismantling of the Soviet Union, the Olympics lost a gripping appeal for many Americans  the rivalry between East and West. With Russia now absent from Rio in weight lifting and track and field, that enthralling tension erodes further still.
Another trick: how to calculate writhing time. The criteria used here is the moment the whistle is blown (because of a potential injury) to the moment that player stands up. If the TV camera cut to a replay, the stand-up moment was estimated. If he was helped off the field, the 'writhing' clock stopped when he crossed the sidelines.
The authors compared the similarities and differences between the early Chinese and Grecian drama,revealed the mutual compatibility of composition between Grecian sport and Chinese gallantry,martial act and drama,probed in depth into the sports characteristics in early Chinese drama,and concluded that the early Chinese sports oil characteristics not only existed in military activities such as gallantry and martial act but were more often presented in early dramatic activities.
A public survey on the present conditions of social sport in China was made in 1997 by the State Sport General Administration. The results indicated that in 1996 the sports population took 15.5% among people over 16 years old in both urban and rural areas in China;
Dale Begg-Smith is Australia's most successful Winter Olympian. He is the country's first Olympic skiing gold medalist, an achievement made at the 2006 Turin Olympics when he became the youngest person to win the men's moguls. He was 21. After a cruciate ligament injury ruled him out of action for much of 2009, Begg-Smith won silver at the Vancouver Olympics in 2010. He was born in Vancouver in 1985 and moved to Australia when he was 16. He wasn't allowed to compete for three years as he waited to get Australian citizenship.
The key elements, such as the results, the quality of dragon-boats, the condition of paddlers, the skill of strikes with single paddle, the section of the race and the rate of stroke at the Sixth National Games of Traditional Sport of Minorities and the Forth National Peasant Games were compared and analyzed. And the new development of the dragon-boat race was explored as well.
Whether the disadvantaged can be changed into advantage in the following four years largely depends on how to solve the relationships between the efficiency of Olympics and society, between the Olympic Committee of Olympic Games and the related sectors, between the group motivation and social selection, and between Olympic volunteers and formal faculty.
By observation and on-the-spot techniques statistics of the matches of the 8 women basketball teams on the 4th Guangxi Selective Trial of CUBA,the author analyzes the conditions of Guangxi college students' women basketball with mathematical statistics. she points out the existing problems and the solutions to them.
After the analysis of questionnaire, it was found that the highest constituent ratio of knee joint injury of national excellent female discus athletes was the osteochondropathy of whirbone (28%), followed by injury of medial collateral ligament (20%), niscus injury (17%), traumatic arthritis (10%), lateral collaeral ligament injury (6%) and other injuries (19%).
On observing the changing of joint angle, there is a wave crest between the stages of starting and lifting knee in the changing of hip angle, the range of the whole augment is 14.3o 5.0, and down off 99.0o 3.4, included angle of thigh and shank of male and female athletes is only 76.8o 7.5, knee joint angle of most athletes can not unbend on the moment of foot touching target;
The western sportsmanship advocates that sports movement should be developed on the basis of personality freedom to train the  self  respect ,self  love and self  improvement. It possesses an active significance on bringing the initative  personality to develop sports movement,improving the development of sports undertakings,regulating sports social relationship and upholding human health. The western sportsmanship should be absorbed and used for reference by the establishment of socialist sportsmanship.
While the United States, Germany and Sweden have maintained their primacy in womens soccer over the past 25 years, cultural advantages enjoyed by early powers like China and Norway have subsided as the sport has grown in popularity around the globe. The 2015 World Cup has expanded from 16 to 24 teams, and, worldwide, womens participation in soccer has increased by 20 percent since 2000.
For both male and female students from 18 to 23 years old,the 5 physique indexes of the students with high fat have difference or remarkable difference(P<0.05 or P<0.01) from those of the students with regular fat.These 5 physique indexes are seated body bending ,vital capacity weight index,standing long jump,1000 meters running(male) and 800 meters running(female),gripping power weight index number.
Use of carbon fiber reinforced composite materials in golf shaft is the most important project in the sporting goods manufacture. It demanded about 2500 tons carbon fibers for producing carbon fiber golf shafts in 2004, that is 12.5% of total carbon fiber production in the world.
The effect of aerobic training on cardiovascular autonomic regulation was studied in 6 middle and long distance runners and 7 college students before and after 6 months long distance running training (20-25 km/week). Lower body negative pressure (LBNP) tolerance, heart rate and blood pressure responses to Valsalva manoeuvre, heart rate variability (HRV), systolic blood pressure variability (SBPV) and spontaneous baroreflex response slope (BRS) were measured.
At these Olympics, it has been business as usual. Ding Ning of China beat Li Xiaoxia of China to win the gold medal in the womens singles tournament. Ma Long of China defeated Zhang Jike of China to win the mens competition. On Tuesday, the Chinese women won gold in the team competition, and the men are expected to do the same on Wednesday.
On Oct. 26, Guangzhou tied the first leg of the 2013 Asian Champions League final, 2-2, at FC Seoul in South Korea. The southern Chinese club is the strong favorite to emerge triumphant in the second leg on Saturday evening at its home in Tianhe Stadium. More than 50,000 fans are expected to cheer the club on, and the city is already buzzing.
The Champions League, after all, is now the games gold standard, where greatness is achieved and contested. Pel and Diego Maradona built their legends at World Cups, back when that was the only place where the very best assembled, and when it was the only time much of the rest of the world could see, and assess, them. Messi and Ronaldo, by contrast, meet their peers every other week in the Champions League, and do so in front of an audience of millions.
On one hand, athletes and their agents could view Fantex as a compelling proposition, providing athletes with a large upfront payment for giving up a certain percentage of their future earnings. Such a payment could act as a hedge against an unexpected downturn in a players career.
Then, a quantitative analysis is conducted on each team's attack number, attack quality and the methods and means for penetrating into the 30 metres area of the fore field in every match. Therefore, the features and regular patterns of attacking play in contemporary footballmatches are found.
The author analyzed the data he collected in the years of 1982-1992 when he was the coach of 29 top French sabre fencers. He used the methods of pluralistic regression and specific statistics to study the competition success model of the fencers in Olympic Games and World Championships. Some valuable laws have been found concerning the sabre fencers?
Especially the technique traits of is 5 th hurdle to the 6 th embody completely his superiarity this dissertation analyzes technically his performance of 13.40 seconds faring the national tack-and-field chamipionship in ShiJiaZhuang , and compares it with the parameters from the 5 th hurdle to the 6 th of Jackson , another top player consulting previous research in theory and practice , then draws the following conclusions.
Using the pep-spleen produced by the Medical Research Center of the Military Science Academy for 6 weeks,it is indicated that the medicament can improve the function of immune system evidently in the athletes of military pentathlon in winter-training course,especially it can increase athletes,cell immunity function observably,prevent and cure upper-respiratory disease.
I doubt that Ann Coulter, the conservative American commentator, had heard of Simeones socialist football when she recently lamented the moral decay she sees in Americans growing interest in soccer. Still, it was intriguing that she saw a liberal agenda being pushed by a sport in which individual achievement is not a big factor and there are no heroes. Like an idiot-savant who stumbles on a grain of truth through total ignorance, she was onto something. This is the anti-individual World Cup.
The authors carried out a systematic analysis on the current situation of trampoline backup talents in Guangdong Province by using methods such as literature data analysis,expert interview,questionnaire survey,field observation and theoretical analysis,and revealed the following findings: Phenomena,such as not enough attention paid to the cultivation of backup talents,too few number of athletes being trained,serious lack of linkage between professional and amateur training,still existed in trampoline sport in Guangdong Province;
The new rules not only make the competition more intense but also provide the athletes more opportunities,thereby making the view a leap,This paper describes of influences of new rules on athletes,figh technique and judges so on and shows that the new rules have been accepted gradually,but still left some doubts to be defined.
The special events of soccer massage is a means to promote the competitive capability of the soccer athletes and keep the body and mind fit by adjusting the physical function , strengthening the immunity of the soccer athletes and optimizing the incretion system and social psychological situation with the natural outside force , the acting force of the biological field and the corresponding factors of the psychology and sociology.
The special events of soccer massage is a means to promote the competitive capability of the soccer athletes and keep the body and mind fit by adjusting the physical function,strengthening the immunity of the soccer athletes and optimizing the incretion system and social psychological situation with the natural outside force,the acting force of the biological field and the corresponding factors of the psychology and sociology.
The observtion and analysis of the application of the interception skill of Chinese football team in the Ten-power dripetition of Asian Zone for Worid Cup' 98 indicate that there exists a wide gap in defence ability between Chinese team and top European teams,and reveal the concrete facts of the weak defending abilities of our men football team. Such study is of certain reference value in improving the defending abilities in training and competition.
The article analyzes the main factors of the impact to enhance the China sport aerobics athlete technique level of basic pace,and finds out the emphasis and deficiency of China sport aerobics team to enhance quickly in order to offer reference for China sport aerobics team to win the champion again at the world sport aerobics championship this year.
America may be a big factor in this. For the most part, major sports in the U.S. seem to be at saturation points or are ebbing away from recent peaks. In the fall, NFL games are on always and everywhere. Major League Baseball offers 162 games that feel more retro every year in our Twitter-addled world. The NBA ambles along in hot spots like Oklahoma City and Memphis. The NHL's southern strategy hasn't worked so well, and Nascar's bid to break out of the South hasn't panned out as initially hoped.
Through the technique statistical analysis,this investigation confirmed the achievements and found out the problems on the balance beam competition of The National Gymnastics Championships in 1996 and gave suggestions as the following:In order to hold the leading position in the world, we must strengthen the stability and improve the originality and quality while developing great difficulty in the whole set of action.
Using concentration capability test software,the authors tested the concentration capability of 18 excellent oriented cross-country racers,26 ordinary oriented cross-country racers and 32 common students,and revealed the following findings: As for the excellent orientated cross-country racers,their concentration focusing and stabilizing capability is obviously superior to that of the ordinary oriented cross-country racers and common students;
Based on accurate assessment of player's attack and defensive ability by using the RSR comprehensive evaluation method, two fuzzy objectives of maximizing attack and defensive ability are established. According to the competition situation and demand of attack and defensive ability their membership functions are determined. Thus, player's objective competition ability is integrated into the coach's subjective judgment.
The dissertation takes international and domestic competitions held by China, especially the National Games, as research objections, takes market economy theory as theory redline, runs through sports fair logos, studies the basic theory of athletic competition system, advantages and disadvantages of existing competition system, the principle of fair competition system, and reform countermeasures of competition system.
With the methods of grey connection analysis and compari son with the all-around results of the elite men gymnasts in the world,the author discusses the general features of the all-around system from the relations of eyery indiyidual event with the all-around results as well as the relations of every individual event.
Keiichiro Nagashima won silver in the men's 500-meter speed skating competition in Vancouver in 2010, his second Olympics. His compatriot Joji Kato won bronze in the same event. The skaters could be in line for payouts if they win medals again, with Nidec Sankyo Corp. offering 20 million yen ($200,000) to for a gold, 10 million yen for a silver and six million yen for a bronze.
In case Copa Amrica fans are interested, Opta did provide data for the tournament that took place last year. But margin of victory, at 1.12 goals, was the only metric (out of our six) on which the 2015 Copa did better than both the 2014 World Cup and 2012 Euros.
Mo Tae-bum won Olympic gold in the skating 500 meters on his birthday in Vancouver, and he also took silver in the 1,000 meters. His stated ambition is to become Korea's first Olympic 1,000-meter champion. He won both the 500- and 1,000-meter events in the last World Cup event before Sochi, which took place in Berlin in December.
This article analyzes the gymnastics teaching in the middle school of Shanxi province at present and the current state of that in the physical Institute of Shanxi Teacher's University. It provides the theoritical bases for the coming course criterion of "Physical Education and Health",and the new curriculum of the course of gymnasics in the Physical Institute of Shanxi Teacher's University.
On the basis of the video tapes of the preliminary contests of ten strong Asian teams at 1998 World Football Cup, the paper makes a statistical analysis on the pass techniques used by the Chinese team in the contests and it discusses the major problems and gaps of the Chinese team,which will provide a good reference in the future training.
Questionnaires and interviews are conducted on 181 elite athletes from 8 national teams to investigate the current condition of their English study. The result shows that although national team athletes have strong desire and correct motivation for English study,only a small number of them can keep on learning English. Their learning method is monotonous and lack of good learning environment.
China shoot total number of times lag behind rival is low to shoot percentage of hits obviously (whether especially 2 percentage of hits of ball low), not preponderating on the reboard, fall manily by oneself, it is poor to defend quality, whole strength and strong team of world relatively have certain disparity.
Through technique   statistic   of Chinese team in 1999 World Cup and analysis on the base of statistic data, the author suggested that the receiving position of 4 backline players can be adapted to the rapid development of the serve and improve success rate of receiving. The line  up of 4  2 position can improve the defense and counterattack while has no negative effect on the first attack.
It is according to the experiment result from relative sports exports at home and abroad, and takes the high level middle distance running of Yangzhou university as the experiment object, Besides it integrates my own experience of years of middle distance race practice and is on the basis of full knowledge and analysis of middle distance movement technique. Some training methods are suggestible to improve the effectiveness of middle distance running. Concerning the characteristic of practice and the chief technique problems of college middle distance runners.
Given his modest means, playing baseball was a necessity. He turned pro in 1997 and joined the Mercuries Tigers. When the club folded after the 1999 season, Tsai joined the Brother Elephants. He had a career year in 2002, hitting 21 home runs and batting .294. He played in the 2004 Olympics, where Chinese Taipei finished fifth.
In order to find out the advantage and shortage in competitive strength between our centre forward of national basketball team and foreign centre forward,this paper put forwards suggestions and assumptions to promote our competitive strength quickly through using statistical data in major basketball match and compare,analysis,induction combining with video recording.
On the one hand, the occurrence of the development of sports competitions not only with its own people has an inherent nature of the links, but by human environments, and create and improve sports for the environment will be conducive to athletes achieved good results in the movement, On the other hand, sports can influence the environment in arenas and stadiums for the improvement of the environment.
Michael Christian Martinez is a 17-year-old figure skater from a Manila suburb. He came in seventh in the Youth Olympic Games in Innsbruck in 2012 and finished fifth in the World Junior Championships in Milan last year. He has suffered several injuries in his brief career, which he blames on the poor quality of ice rinks in the Philippines. Martinez is the first skater to represent the Philippines at the Winter Olympics, and the first person from his country to compete at the Games in 22 years. He took up the sport after walking past an ice rink in a mall.
Through comparative analysis on technique of 100m freestyle swimmers between top 3 in 9~(th) National Games and 27~(th) Olympic Games. The result shows that the start velocity for 15 m of our female swimmers is lower than foreign one,their stroke frequency is equal to that of foreign counter parts.
China has now won 27 of the 31 gold medals awarded in all competitions since table tennis was added to the Olympics in 1988. Eight years ago in Beijing, China won the gold, silver and bronze medals in both mens and womens singles. In 2012, after a new rule was instituted limiting singles competitions to two players from each nation, China merely swept the gold and silver medals.
One kind is organized community athletic competition, another kind is a daily sport activity carried on the masses sports moving point. (4) residential district is except that there are project facilities of nationwide fitness programs, facilities of internal and external place of room not almost having oneself that administers.
The crux techniques of robot soccer systems against the background of the vision  based  robot soccer system MIROSOT that NEW NEU Team have used in FIRA RWC'99 were presented. It showed that our own color image break up technique and real time identificational algorithm are efficient ways for system reaction speed. High and low level decision are needed to manage different strategies in knowledge base.
Through using the method of literature,questionnaire,expert interview,testing and mathematical statistics,the author selected 10 indexes that can effectively reflect physical ability of elite 100m sprinters with regressive analysis,made gray-correlation analysis on relation between indexes of physical ability and result of 100m running,evaluated and diagnosed the physical ability level of sprinters.
The investigating objects are the top 8 athletes of the one-man canoeist (WK1\MK1and MC1) of 1 000 m on 2002 salaom tournament and the investigating methods are literature review, on-the-site test and statistical analysis. This paper analyzes the competitive structure of one-man canoeist of 1 000 m.
The paper made a statistical analysis on the reason, time and position of 22 red cards appeared in the finals of the 16th World Cup. Combined with the origin of red card and the related FIFA documents, the article made a discussion on the tendency and law of the red card in the world today.
Techniques of the athletes who won the first eight places in men's 20 km and 50 km and women's 10 km race walking at the 1995 IAAF World Cup were qualitatively and quantitatively analyzed by means of sports biomechanics and statistics,based on which ten technical features that are in conformity with the new definition of race walking were revealed.
1. In 12th European Football Championship final stage there are 31matches and 77 goals including 2 own goals. The average is 2.48. The mainarea of score is in the foreland of penalty area and little more goalsin the second half until the injury time even extra time.
That may explain why Weikert feels further adjustment of the rules is necessary before the next Olympics. At the moment, players who switch allegiances after turning 21 are not eligible to play in events like the world championships, the World Cup and the World Team Cup. But they are allowed to play in the Olympics.
According points the decathlete obtained prior to and after the training, this paper analyses the thoughts and ways of the training arrangement and competition, and explores the question of training new decathletes of a university in a short time. The aim is to improve the sports level of the decathlon and training results.
Based on the running rhythm of top 8 women recers in the Women 400m hurdle race of 10th IAAF world athletic championships in Helsinki,Finland on August,2005,it pointed out the differences of chinese athlete Huang Xiaoxiao and the overseas elite athletes in the speed,the step as well as the entire speed assignment and offers reference for their further training.
The paper describes the home court advantage in CBA with statistics and analysis based on the tournament results of CBA from 1995-1996 season to 1999-2000 season. It is found that there is obvious home court advantage in CBA. The main factors leading to the home court advantage are described, which include circumstance, spectators, climate, referees, the factors of the basket team own etc.
By analyzing the technique statistics of the 6 woman teams, which entered the CUBA semifinals in 4 years, and the tactics application in the 4th CUBA Woman Semifinals from the video record, we summarize the present technique and tactics situation of outstanding woman teams in CUBA.
By analyzing the method of the grey correlation,the author has studied the relation between body form,  specific   fitness,skills index and the specific performance and found that the improvement of the performance of pole vaulting has some close relation with skill and height of pole handhold and some training suggestions have been put   forward   here.
Small-percentage shareholders have always existed in sports, but theyve typically been local doctors or car dealers whove thrown in maybe a few hundred thousand dollars. They get a trip to spring training or a playoff game, a handshake at the Christmas party, a nice profit when they sell their shares, and not much else. Nothing is more limited than being a limited partner of George Steinbrenners is a quip that is most frequently attributed to the former Yankees investor John McMullen.
The mass sports, as the very important part of our national sports career, is one of the important signs of civilization, health and science in modern society. It relates to the building up of peoples health, the improving of the health level and the improving of people's living quality.
The defensive technique, such as intercept, slide tackle, challenge for the ball and heading whilebeing challenged used in the 7 matches of the World Cup final contests, in which the world famous footballstar Maldini was taking part, were analyzed and researched in order to make greater contributions to improving the Chinese football level.
Spacial cut  in move was put forward in light of the dull play of field offense and the connection of quick offense and reception,which can remarkably avoid the situation of oneplayfourwatch and show the superiority of teamwork in moving offense and help players to bring their technical characteristics and level into full play.
By adopting literature consultation the data from the technical statistics of the serve and the first  pass skills of the male players in the National Volleyball Tournaments supported by Weida Company in 1998~1999 and 1999~2000 were analyzed. It was found that serve skills are of significance and play an important role in volleyball matches. It was put forward that the offensiveness of serve should be enhanced to try to gain the initiative of the match.
According to the authorities, this figure will be up to $50 billion in 2006, which shows a great progress compared with $ 4.3 billion in 1990. As far as we know, the 2007 World Cup of Women Football, the 2008 Olympics and the 2010 Asian Games will be held in China, these games will present a good chance for Chinese corporate to implement a sports sponsorship as a strong marketing tool.
The subjects of this study, 54 rowing athletes (male 33, female 21) bearing the symptoms associated with the exercise-induced fatigue were selected by means of questionnaire. They were in the regular winter-training. These male and female subjects were respectively assigned to the BSYYF-treated groups and the controls in the manner of random arrangement.
Gig athletes conducted 2000 m movements on the ergometer with the frequency of 26 times per minute. Track & field athletes carried out three times of 300-meter running with 90% of intensity with 3-minute intervals. Immediately after movements, the lactic acid value was measured following blood collection.
Understanding the rule of basketball ,mastering the important points and influence of the variation of the rule from 1998 to 2002 and studying the influence of the technique and tactic in the basketball competition caused by the chang of the rule of basketball provide service for basketball training and competition and will do good for the development and improvement of the technique and tactic of playing basketball and improvement of the training level of the coaches and the sportsmen.
At the beginning stage of the two referee system initiated by the IFA,taking the example of a certain universitys training football baekbone students, the paper summarizes the result of applying two referee system  in the about 40 football matches in 1999, which should have a certain reference value for the populization and application of the  two referee system  in colleges and universities.
Comparative analysis of the start time, 15 m start, stroke  rate and pull  stride, turning, 7.5 m techniques and final spurt of 100 m butterfly is made among top three male butterfly swimmers in the 8th China National Games, and top six Chinese swimmers in the 26th Olympic Games.
Based on the statistics and analysis on the techniques of the male vaulting horse contest in the 2003"Dong Du Bei"National Gymnastics Championship. The article puts forward the advantage and deficiency in the vaulting horse of Chinese athletes,and there is difference which is compared with the first 8 of the competition of the 37th World Gymnastics Championship.
Eight players will qualify for the singles event, determined by the points they pick up at WTA tournaments. Li moved up to third in the official WTA rankings after winning the Australian Open on Saturday, but she is in top spot on the Road to Singapore leaderboard as qualification is determined by the calendar year results.
Enhance sportsmanship in the building today, we through analyzing the traditional Chinese ethical thinking, the essence of what the dregs of our traditional sports ethical thinking in the new historical conditions prevail for sports, and provide value-oriented impetus to the overall development of sports participants, address emerging world of sports against ethical issues of great significance.
By use of MERAC with the Elite swimmer of our province, the knee joint extension and shoulder joint rotation have been tested at three speed  The rank correlation test has been done with every the results and the rest preformance of 100M   The results showed that the test results of the knee joint extension and should joint rotation are almost no relationship with the swimming proformance   But the test results of the swimming isokinetic pull weights are significance correlation with the swimming proformmance
China is making its mark on the 2014 World Cup in other ways. The tournaments armadillo mascot and all mascot-related merchandise are manufactured by the Chinese company Kayford Holdings. And Yingli Green Energy, the sole Chinese corporate sponsor of the games, has provided solar paneling for the lighting masts of all the Cup stadiums.
The connection between the industry and the sport has become so attuned that many of the pros, like Mr. Thompson, who has never attended a fashion event, have developed an eye for good fit. When hes not in his tennis whites at Midtown, Mr. Thompson can often be found in front of the clubs waiting area for the next lesson in handsomely tailored trousers and a crisp button-down shirt.
This paper analyzes the existing problems during evolvement of technical and tactical classified system of basketball. The result shows that current technical and tactical classified system of basketball exists classified standard disunion and omit. This paper divides ball into three kinds of condition,possession by oneself,possession by opponent,and contest for ball,and establishes the concept of this condition.
As a good province in gym, Shandong volleyball circle has ever presented more outstanding talents like Jiang Ying, Zhu Ling, Hou Xichen, etc, only few members such as An Jiajie in volleyball team member of Shandong that service in national team render in recent years, we have obtained better achievement too in all kinds of competitions of the whole country in volleyball sport, but the achievements are not very steady.
It is a problem that could have resulted from basketballs royal birth. Bhutanese royalty  like some princes of American basketball  is known more for enthusiastic shooting than vigorous defense. Bhutans fourth king, 57-year-old Jigme Singye Wangchuck, now retired and widely referred to simply as K4, still plays daily (Mr. Dorji instilled a passion for the game in the king when he was a teenager) and is rumored to have made 65 3-pointers in a game (the N.B.A. record is 12). No one seems to know how many shots he missed in that mythic match, as security guards shoo away the curious when K4 plays.
According to the psychology of physical education, physiology of exercise and the general laws of sports skills' forming, with the help of electrified teaching tools, this article made some fresh innovations on the gymnastics technique teaching by adopting the method of contrasting experiment, statistics analysis and documentation.
Taking volleyball powerful jump servers performed in volleyball games in the Seventh National Games for College Students in 2004 as their research objects,the authors analyzed,through questionnaire survey,the psychological factors that affect volleyball powerful jump servers,and revealed that pressure,mood,focus and game environment play a role in volleyball powerful jump serves,and the effect of pressure is the greatest.
There were 24 positive tests at the world weight lifting championships last year, and retesting of urine samples from the 2008 Beijing Games and the 2012 London Games revealed at least 20 additional positives, including four from Olympic champions, according to the news agency Agence France-Presse.
After an experimert of three years in nutrient diet, which was provided to some juvenile athletes of swimming, track field and girl's backetball in Fuzhou Amateur Children's Sports School, we found that the quantity of the nutriment from the food absorbed by the children reached the level of athlete, also it was quite reasonable that the energy was provided by the three kind of primary nutriment and distributed in the food of three meals.
Purpose: Many athletes will appear obese after stopping the training, in which the body fat increase of swimming athlete is more remarkable. The consistent viewpoint of its reason is energy consumption reduction after stopping the training and the energy balance is destroyed to make the lipid accumulate, finally appears obese.
Through investigations and analyses of document information,the author has put forward the results of the modern pole vault affected by the main factors such as ,holding the height of the pole,mthe speed of starting and assistant jumping period,a jumper's weight ,the hardening grade of the pole and heght of jumping.
A Czech snowboarder named Sarka Pancochova led the slopestyle event after the first run. On her second trip down the course of obstacles and jumps, she flew through the air, performed a high-arcing, spinning trick, and smacked her head upon landing. Her limp body spun like a propeller into the gully between jumps and slid to a stop.
In this paper, the causes of football goalkeepers' faults are mainly analyzed by surveying and classifying the goals in the 13th and 14th World Cup, and the authors have put forward some tentative ideas on how to improve the goalkeepers' technique level, psychological fitness and so on.
The Chinese government hopes many more coaches will learn that lesson. Nearly 100 Chinese junior high and high school coaches in the sports of mens and womens basketball, track and field, swimming and cheerleading were sent to Utah, and roughly the same number of Chinese college coaches went to Arizona State, which is also in the Pac-12.
MANCHESTER, England  It started in San Jos, Costa Rica, late Saturday night, with a goal from Kendall Waston, the Costa Rica striker, and a scream from Kristian Mora, commentating on his nations game with Honduras for Teletica Deportes. El Mundial, el Mundial, el Mundial, he bellowed, over and over again, as Waston raced toward the fans in the Estadio Nacional and thousands more spilled out onto the streets to celebrate. Thats what the country is shouting.
Pan-To Barton Liu is the first man to represent Hong Kong at the Winter Olympics. The 20-year-old short-track skater has done much of his training in northeast China and South Korea because of the lack of Olympic-size skating facilities in Hong Kong. His best World Cup performance this season came in Turin, where he finished 26th in the 1,500 meters.
Based on the final score on some events in 34th world gymnastics championship, the author analyzes the inadequacy of traditional method that uses the last score to judge place in the competition about subjective score items The result shows that the method of error processing exists big problem Combining with the feature of sports competition, the author discusses the advantage and feasibility of rank score to judge place in competition
This article,after its author watching the live kinescope of the 32 teams in 64 matches in the 17th World Cup,does the work of collecting,tidying up,summarizing the data of the total number of loss,red and yellow card,the times of stoppage and of foul of the whole team, the average foul times in each round, analyzes the development trend of the world football sports and the reasons of it.
Oh, sure, we say we are against doping in sports. But we dont care enough to stop buying tickets or watching on television. And lets ask ourselves this: Would anyone stay tuned if the Olympic champion ran the 100 meters in 15 seconds instead of nine? Who would watch the N.F.L. if linemen were built more like Gilligan than the Skipper?
Thus the conclusion is drawn that the time of rest and reorganization between every two matches of each team is most impartial and that the interval number of the match times of rest and reorganization comes to a competitive procedure arrangement plan of the upper limit value n 2.
Taking SC Football Club as an example, this dissertation discusses from marketing view how a professional football club, while in current environment, shall work on marketing and how to build football attraction to the public by delivering the best satisfaction to the football fans, sponsors and medias, so that the club image can be promoted and the sales revenue of the club products can be generated.
Considering the failure of consequent acts caused by the effects of act-joiningskills in the gymnastics teaching and practice,by analysing physical and mental system ofself-signal and teaching practice,the paper draws a conclusion that the self-signal of studentscan be used to adjust the rhythms of action and the moment of strength burst-out,and to im-prove the form of act-joining skill,and the result in shortening the teaching progress and im-proving the teaching quality.
I have the honor to participate in the subject for research that " A study of the impact on urban space structure of Beijing and the development model of the Olympic Games " of education commission of Beijing, and focus on a stature subject among them " Research for the using of college stadium building after the Olympics games in Beijing ".
Wang Hui, who coaches in Shanxi, said through an interpreter that his time in Utah had made him feel good about his own postpractice rehabilitation practices, which appeared to match Utahs. More than any technical expertise, the most valuable lesson he learned, he said, concerned attitude.
The present study makes a classified  technical  statistics  on  388 goals in 156 games of the 13th, 14th and 15th  World  Cup  soccer  finalgames and finds the basic laws and features referring to the  method  of Dr. Marosiqi, the head  of  International  Soccer  Association  TechniqueCommittee through following research.
Based on the skill parameter of the elite female high jumpers between China and other countries have compared,this article probed into the important role of the swing skill played in back style,that is, the reasonable swing skill not only enhanced H  1 and H  2,but also prepared for making the most suitable optimum H  3.Meanwhile,influencial factors were analyzed theoretically of the swing skill for the sports performance of back style.
Adopting data statistics, and comparative analysis, and based on the technique statistic data collected from competitions of Chinese Women Volleyball Team and their opponents in the Final Round of 2005 FIVB World Grand Prix, this paper analyzes the overall capability of Chinese Women Volleyball Team, and the techniques of spike, block and serve. It is proposed that Chinese Women Volleyball Team should enhance the team stability training, strengthen the attacker's spiking, and improve new members' blocking ability.
This article approaches several problems colleges and universities in Guizhou will meet when organizing a high -level athletic team, and gives suggestions in how to solve the problems of building sports field, raising funds, the contradictions between study and training, the training of coaches in order to approach a new way for colleges and universities in Guizhou to organize high-level athletic teams.
I dont know if its a rich persons sport, but its certainly an upscale persons sport, says Dr. Steven Jonas, a professor of public health at Stony Brook University, a longtime triathlete and the author of the best-selling book Triathloning for Ordinary Mortals. To run a marathon, you need a pair of shoes, a pair of shorts and maybe a water bottle. To do a triathlon, you need a lot more.
Through Monday night, a review of the events at the Extreme Park counted at least 22 accidents that either forced athletes out of the competition or, if on their final run, required medical attention. Of those, 16 involved women. The injury rate is higher when considering that the mens fields are generally larger.
Guangzhous club experienced perhaps the biggest turnaround: Relegated to Chinas second division in 2010 as punishment after allegations of match fixing, the team was bought by a big-spending real estate group, Evergrande, and it signed Italys World Cup-winning coach, Marcello Lippi, and the high-priced foreign players like Argentine Dario Conca. Three years later, it became the first Chinese team to win the Asian Champions League trophy.
In 1988, we participated in the 8th world handicapped Olympic Games and gained 17 golden medals with 11 person-times who broke the world record; In 1992, in the 9th world Handicapped Olympic Games, we captured 11 golden medals , with 14 person-times who broke the world record, 21 Person-time who broke record of handicapped Olympic Games;
Argentina, always happy to oblige where impudence is concerned, could be waiting for its neighbor, most likely in the final. But then, the soccer gods tend to have other things in mind. Will the hosts exit the competition after the first round? This remains a possibility. After all, it is a Latin American World Cup, where anything can happen.
On the basis of an analysis of the impact of market economy on physical education at school and new problems concerning the reformation of physical education, the authors suggest in the thesis: renew the ideas so as to invest more, improve the facilities, increase teachers' payment and offer more paid services.
Earlier in the afternoon, the biggest surprise came in the men's 500-meter heats, when defending Olympic champion Charles Hamelin of Canada crashed out on the final lap. He had been comfortably in charge of the heat when he slid into the padding. It means that the event will miss out on another highly-anticipated showdown between Hamelin, ranked No. 2 in this season's World Cup standings over the distance, and Russia's Victor An.
It holds that the corresponding measures which can be used to standard football ground order of PFLM of our country are as follows: strengthening the professional morals education to the professional referees, coaches and players, normalizing the fans' behavior of watching matches, and the Chinese Football Association's increasing the dynamics of enforcing the law.
In a cruel repeat of fate, Rhodes went up late in the season against Oh, who by this time was manager of another local team, the Fukuoka Daiei Hawks. He got few chances to swing. Daieis battery coach, Yoshiaki Wakana, later admitted in the local press that he had not wanted a foreign player to break Ohs record.
There's also a 'Night Owl' insurance for those who end up with a cold after staying out all night to watch the matches, shown on television in <br/>Beijing starting at midnight but continuing into the small hours. And the most popular product so far is 'Foodie Insurance' which covers medical payments for sudden stomach ailments.
This article analyses emphatically muscular actions in the events of run, jump,throwing, basketball, volleyball, football, speed skating and weightlifting, and also mentions common injuries. The training after injuries is summarized and some relevant knowledge is provided for bodybuilding, clinical diagnosis and the recovery training after injuries.
The author makes analysis on the ability of defense of Chinese basketball men team in Competitive in Athens Olympic Games,by using the method of mathematical statistics and watching games,the result shows that there is a gap at attacking defense(like steals blocks personal fouls) and disturbing defense(like overturns points)but the rebounds,comparing Chinese team with the world powerful teams,by analysis these indexes :points,overturns,steals,assists,and rebounds.
Italy skidded out of contention for the lead early on, making it a three-team race. And by the closing stages, it had turned into a dogfight between China and South Korea. The eight skaters representing the two teams already had four medals between them at these Games.
In order to let these program work effectively, there are some questions must be solved firstly, for instance, the prediction of Chinese athletes' performance in 2008 Olympic Games, the classification of events according to reserved athletes' performance, the target of events and the effect of home advantage on Chinese athletes performance.
In the context of the Asian Games, the urban space de- velopment pattern of "11" mode should be started as soon as possible in order to upgrade the level and efficiency of urban service of Guangzhou, im- prove the urban space quality and promote the speedy development of the service sector.
We are nostalgic for champions like Vasily Alekseyev, the great Soviet superheavyweight who won gold medals in 1972 and 1976. He set 80 world records and was the first person to lift 500 pounds in the clean and jerk. He was so massive that his uniform fit like a chin strap on a bowling ball. And those sideburns  great thickets wide and deep enough to plant potatoes.
Liu Zhongqing, nicknamed Daqing Flying Man, won bronze in the men's aerials event at the Vancouver Olympics. At 28, he is the oldest member of the Chinese men's aerials team, which includes Jia Zongyang, Qi Guangpu and Wu Chao. All of them will be looking to emulate Han Xiaopeng, who won China's first Olympic skiing gold medal, in the men's aerials at the 2006 Olympics in Turin. According to the official website for the Sochi Olympics, Liu has a pragmatic sporting philosophy. 'I get what I want from ice and snow,' is his motto.
Throgh analysis,it is found that,in the 2005-2006 NBA regular season,many of his match statistics are in the first place in the Rocket Team,and are within the top 50 in NBA. These statistics include personal score points,the number of the shooting-hit probability,the cap and the rebound,and times of individual two pair and so on.
By using the method of documentary and statistics, this paper analyzes the stati stics of spike attack of women volleyball in the 28th Olympic Games. The result shows: China women volleyball team has the main play style on the tactics of qui ck-alternative and combine with height;
Through an elementary  research into the gymnastics predismount conditions of the stable dismount, the choice of the angle of the dismount, the effect of the buffer joint and the training of the dismount,this essay proves that the stability of the dismount in a gymnastics competition is very important.
From the historical development of world track and field and female all-round sports,this paper analyzes the present situation and feature of the sports,female physical feature,and physical endurance of training,and assumes that on the present condition of newer means of training and nutrition and recovery,it is possible to take decathlon instead of pentathlon.
The time rate of supporting time and soaring time of hurdle steps is one versus three, while the time rate of support time of hurdle down and soar time of hurdle step is one versus four. The change range of horizontal speed of front hurdle and behind hurdle is nearly 3.5% to 5.5%.
Taking the weather in Qingdao in August and September as the analysis and forecasting object and based on the analysis of and comparison with the forecasting component, method and requirements of meteorological services for the Olympic Games Sydney 2000, the key techniques of meteorological services for the Olympic Games Qingdao sail boat racing are analyzed and discussed.
